the sandwich pickled a sandwich !
every pickle kissed the chief of staff with a sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff ate the pickled floor ?
every delicious president ate a delicious pickled pickle .
the perplexed sandwich understood a president .
is it true that the pickle ate a sandwich ?
the pickled fine floor wanted the perplexed delicious perplexed floor .
a floor kissed every delicious fine fine delicious pickled president !
is it true that a fine president kissed a pickle ?
the fine perplexed fine pickled pickled floor ate the chief of staff .
every sandwich pickled the delicious fine delicious pickled delicious president !
is it true that the pickled delicious chief of staff understood the pickle ?
a pickled president ate a president .
the floor wanted a pickle .
every perplexed sandwich understood every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
a pickle understood every sandwich in the pickle !
a perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickled perplexed perplexed floor .
every sandwich kissed a pickle .
the chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich .
every pickled fine sandwich wanted a president .
the delicious delicious sandwich kissed every perplexed chief of staff .
the floor pickled every delicious pickle .
a floor pickled a pickled sandwich .
every delicious chief of staff ate every perplexed fine pickled fine chief of staff !
a pickled pickled fine chief of staff kissed a delicious chief of staff !
a fine fine chief of staff wanted a delicious chief of staff !
the perplexed floor understood every pickled sandwich .
every perplexed president understood a floor !
is it true that every sandwich understood every pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ?
the pickled fine sandwich ate every pickle .
every perplexed floor pickled a floor .
every delicious pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff .
a pickle ate the fine pickled fine fine pickle with a perplexed chief of staff .
the delicious floor understood every delicious delicious delicious sandwich !
every fine delicious perplexed pickle kissed the pickled fine pickled sandwich !
every perplexed perplexed delicious fine president ate a floor .
is it true that every pickled sandwich wanted every president ?
is it true that every floor wanted every delicious fine floor ?
a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
a perplexed president wanted every perplexed president .
every president understood every fine pickle .
a sandwich kissed a president .
a pickled delicious fine sandwich understood every delicious perplexed sandwich !
a floor ate every delicious sandwich .
every fine pickle pickled a sandwich .
a president kissed a president .
every fine pickled fine fine chief of staff under the delicious sandwich ate the pickled delicious pickle .
a pickle kissed every floor !
is it true that every pickle kissed the delicious pickled chief of staff ?
a floor ate every sandwich .
every perplexed delicious sandwich pickled a perplexed pickled pickle .
every pickle ate the fine perplexed pickle .
every sandwich pickled a pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich !
a president wanted the chief of staff !
every delicious delicious president understood a floor .
a perplexed pickled floor kissed a delicious president under a fine delicious pickle under the fine delicious pickle .
the chief of staff ate a sandwich .
the floor pickled the pickled sandwich !
a pickled pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
a fine pickle pickled a perplexed sandwich !
the chief of staff understood the president .
the pickled president understood the fine delicious pickled pickle in the president .
is it true that the delicious floor ate a pickle ?
the perplexed sandwich wanted every perplexed fine fine sandwich .
every fine chief of staff understood every president .
every sandwich pickled every delicious president !
is it true that every floor wanted a delicious sandwich ?
the floor ate every sandwich .
is it true that a president wanted every floor ?
the delicious president understood a pickle .
is it true that every pickle ate every chief of staff ?
the floor wanted every sandwich !
a delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff pickled a fine floor !
the fine floor understood every delicious president !
is it true that every president pickled a perplexed fine delicious delicious delicious pickle ?
every floor ate a president !
a chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff .
every pickle kissed a chief of staff !
a delicious delicious chief of staff on every delicious perplexed chief of staff with a fine perplexed sandwich in every president pickled the fine chief of staff .
every pickle kissed every floor !
the floor in the floor understood a president .
every president kissed a perplexed pickle with every president .
the floor wanted a pickle .
a pickle wanted every pickled sandwich .
every fine floor pickled the president .
a fine pickled perplexed perplexed delicious fine sandwich wanted a pickled sandwich .
a perplexed president wanted a fine sandwich .
every fine delicious president with the sandwich wanted every perplexed fine floor !
the pickled floor kissed every fine perplexed president .
is it true that the president understood every delicious fine chief of staff ?
is it true that a sandwich understood a delicious perplexed fine perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that a fine delicious perplexed pickled floor wanted the chief of staff under a floor ?
the perplexed floor understood every floor .
is it true that the perplexed perplexed fine pickled chief of staff with the sandwich pickled a perplexed pickled perplexed president ?
the pickled chief of staff ate every floor !
a sandwich wanted every sandwich .
every pickled delicious pickled delicious pickle wanted a pickled fine president .
is it true that every delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ?
a president on every fine delicious fine fine pickled perplexed perplexed floor pickled every chief of staff !
the pickled delicious delicious fine chief of staff kissed every pickled president !
is it true that the pickled floor wanted every sandwich ?
every chief of staff understood every pickled sandwich .
the perplexed delicious delicious president ate a fine president .
every pickled chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
the delicious floor pickled a floor .
is it true that the floor understood the perplexed sandwich ?
every sandwich kissed every fine pickled fine chief of staff !
a fine pickle pickled every pickle .
the perplexed pickle pickled a perplexed president .
a perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a floor .
a delicious perplexed pickled pickled pickled president understood the delicious perplexed floor !
a pickle kissed a floor !
is it true that the perplexed delicious fine chief of staff with a president wanted the fine president ?
a sandwich kissed every floor .
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff under a floor .
the pickled chief of staff understood every pickled perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed floor !
is it true that a fine delicious perplexed delicious pickled president kissed a fine pickle ?
a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich kissed every delicious perplexed floor .
is it true that a chief of staff ate the president ?
a chief of staff understood every delicious pickled floor .
every perplexed fine floor pickled the delicious chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the president ?
the perplexed sandwich wanted a perplexed pickled pickled pickled floor .
every sandwich kissed a delicious fine perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed president understood the pickled floor .
every perplexed president in the pickled perplexed perplexed pickled pickle ate a delicious fine delicious delicious fine floor .
the floor on the delicious chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled pickle !
every chief of staff on every floor understood every president !
the president ate the sandwich .
is it true that the pickle understood every pickled pickled pickled delicious pickled president ?
a chief of staff wanted every pickle .
is it true that the president wanted the pickle ?
the perplexed chief of staff under a pickled pickled president pickled a chief of staff .
the pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed president .
is it true that the delicious fine pickled floor ate every pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickle ?
every pickled floor wanted the sandwich .
the chief of staff wanted every perplexed fine chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled floor wanted a fine fine pickled pickle !
the chief of staff wanted a delicious chief of staff in every delicious pickle .
every pickled pickled fine pickle pickled the pickle !
the perplexed delicious perplexed fine chief of staff ate the delicious sandwich !
a pickled pickled pickle ate every sandwich .
is it true that the floor understood the pickle ?
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
a pickle kissed a floor .
the chief of staff ate a pickle .
a floor wanted the pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed a delicious pickled chief of staff !
a pickled perplexed floor understood the pickle !
the pickled floor kissed the president .
every sandwich pickled the chief of staff in the president !
the pickle understood the chief of staff .
the perplexed fine delicious fine sandwich wanted a floor .
is it true that a delicious pickled delicious fine pickle wanted every pickled perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff in every president ?
a pickled fine president understood the perplexed president !
a pickled pickled chief of staff pickled every floor .
every sandwich pickled a chief of staff !
a delicious delicious perplexed pickle kissed a chief of staff !
the president wanted every floor .
the delicious pickle wanted every sandwich !
the fine delicious sandwich pickled a pickle !
a floor kissed the fine fine floor !
every pickle ate every delicious pickled president !
every fine floor pickled the fine floor .
a president kissed the pickle .
the chief of staff wanted the perplexed perplexed president !
every fine fine president kissed every perplexed president .
every perplexed floor in the president ate the floor !
the perplexed pickle understood every delicious delicious delicious floor !
the delicious delicious fine pickle pickled the floor !
every president with the floor wanted every sandwich .
is it true that every perplexed pickled sandwich ate the chief of staff with a pickle ?
is it true that a president kissed the sandwich ?
every sandwich ate the sandwich .
every fine president ate the fine floor !
the fine pickled perplexed pickled pickle ate every perplexed pickle !
every pickled chief of staff wanted the pickled president on every perplexed pickled fine president !
a sandwich under every delicious fine delicious pickle in a pickle pickled a fine sandwich .
a delicious fine floor kissed the pickle !
every president understood the fine fine floor !
the pickled floor understood every president .
is it true that every fine delicious fine fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
a fine fine fine president on the delicious chief of staff kissed the floor !
is it true that the pickled delicious perplexed sandwich wanted the fine president ?
a floor kissed every perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff .
every pickled pickled sandwich understood a sandwich .
every fine sandwich ate a sandwich .
a perplexed floor ate the delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed perplexed pickled pickle understood a pickled chief of staff !
is it true that every president kissed every delicious chief of staff with a fine floor ?
the delicious chief of staff ate the delicious delicious pickled delicious delicious pickle .
every perplexed floor wanted the pickle !
every president under every pickled sandwich under the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich wanted a pickle .
is it true that a pickled floor ate every pickled floor ?
a pickled chief of staff ate every fine pickled pickle .
the chief of staff wanted a delicious perplexed pickle !
every chief of staff wanted a floor .
every fine perplexed delicious chief of staff in every perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious floor kissed every floor !
the fine chief of staff pickled a fine pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich with a chief of staff pickled every sandwich with a fine delicious chief of staff .
a chief of staff on every pickled delicious president kissed every president .
the sandwich wanted a delicious delicious delicious pickled delicious sandwich !
a delicious pickle ate the fine perplexed delicious pickled sandwich !
every sandwich understood every perplexed pickle .
the perplexed sandwich understood a sandwich !
a sandwich ate the pickle .
every fine pickled chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich .
the fine delicious fine fine sandwich kissed a pickled fine delicious pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every chief of staff understood the perplexed delicious president !
the floor pickled a delicious chief of staff !
every sandwich understood the chief of staff .
the fine sandwich understood a pickled sandwich !
a pickled fine president pickled a pickled fine floor .
the fine president wanted every pickle .
a sandwich ate every fine perplexed floor .
the perplexed pickle ate a chief of staff !
every perplexed perplexed pickle under a pickled pickled fine pickle understood a president .
every pickle ate a sandwich .
every pickle ate the pickled president .
the sandwich on every president understood a floor .
is it true that the fine pickled pickle ate a chief of staff ?
the pickle ate every delicious perplexed sandwich !
every perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickled fine perplexed floor .
a floor understood a sandwich .
every pickle pickled the delicious fine pickled pickle .
a perplexed sandwich with the pickle pickled a delicious president .
every fine sandwich ate the perplexed floor .
a floor ate a pickled sandwich .
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff pickled the perplexed delicious pickle ?
the pickled delicious pickle kissed every chief of staff !
every president pickled a pickled chief of staff in every chief of staff .
the pickle wanted the pickle .
the floor wanted every floor .
is it true that a pickled floor ate a chief of staff ?
is it true that a fine sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ?
the delicious floor understood a president .
every perplexed fine pickled sandwich pickled the fine pickled chief of staff !
a president kissed the chief of staff .
every perplexed chief of staff wanted every perplexed sandwich .
every perplexed fine president understood a floor !
the president kissed a delicious perplexed pickle !
the perplexed pickle understood a pickled president .
is it true that a fine fine pickle ate every floor ?
a pickle ate every pickled fine fine fine pickled floor !
a floor wanted the perplexed pickle .
every floor wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed president kissed every pickle ?
the pickle kissed every president !
the sandwich ate a president !
a pickled pickle wanted every pickle !
a chief of staff ate the floor .
the delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor .
is it true that the fine chief of staff wanted a delicious chief of staff ?
a sandwich ate the pickle .
the president pickled the floor on a president on a fine floor .
the pickled perplexed sandwich kissed a pickle in a pickled delicious fine pickle .
the perplexed floor understood every president with the sandwich !
every chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
every perplexed president with every perplexed president pickled every floor !
every delicious pickle kissed the fine delicious floor .
the chief of staff ate the delicious sandwich !
the pickled sandwich wanted every chief of staff .
a pickled delicious chief of staff ate the pickle .
is it true that every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickle wanted every pickle with a delicious pickle ?
every chief of staff wanted the delicious pickle .
a delicious president wanted every pickled pickled president !
the pickle pickled a perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed pickled delicious floor kissed the delicious pickle .
every president understood a pickled chief of staff !
a chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious pickled sandwich .
a president ate a delicious pickle .
the perplexed pickle understood a fine floor .
a chief of staff understood every chief of staff !
the floor understood every floor .
a perplexed pickle wanted every pickled delicious floor .
the chief of staff in the fine president pickled the president .
every fine fine delicious sandwich wanted the perplexed pickle .
is it true that every pickle kissed the perplexed perplexed pickle ?
is it true that the sandwich understood the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich ?
the fine sandwich pickled the fine delicious pickle .
a perplexed president wanted a floor !
the president understood the sandwich !
a delicious sandwich understood the pickled floor .
is it true that a delicious fine pickle kissed every chief of staff ?
the chief of staff pickled the sandwich !
the delicious president understood a pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled every president .
the sandwich pickled the pickled perplexed pickled president .
the president ate the delicious fine president !
a perplexed delicious delicious fine delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich on a chief of staff understood every fine perplexed delicious fine fine floor !
a pickle under a pickle understood a floor .
a pickled sandwich wanted every pickled pickled sandwich !
a floor wanted a delicious delicious delicious floor !
a perplexed chief of staff ate a floor .
every sandwich with every chief of staff wanted every floor !
is it true that every perplexed pickled fine delicious pickled floor kissed the pickled fine chief of staff ?
the sandwich wanted a president under every chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted a pickled fine pickle .
a pickle pickled every pickled perplexed delicious sandwich !
the sandwich understood a perplexed perplexed fine pickle !
the floor understood every pickled fine sandwich .
a chief of staff understood the fine pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed the pickled fine perplexed delicious floor .
every delicious pickle kissed every perplexed pickled chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted a president !
a fine perplexed floor on every perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the president !
the pickled fine pickle ate a fine pickled chief of staff .
a pickle wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled fine pickled chief of staff wanted the perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff .
a president understood a chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled the pickle .
the perplexed president understood every perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich .
is it true that every pickled fine perplexed delicious pickled fine fine delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff with a sandwich kissed a perplexed perplexed fine delicious pickle ?
a pickled perplexed president wanted a delicious chief of staff on a floor .
a fine chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious perplexed sandwich pickled every chief of staff ?
every president in every fine president pickled every perplexed floor under every fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the delicious president !
a fine delicious floor understood the floor .
every pickle ate a floor !
every pickled president under every perplexed pickled pickled fine chief of staff ate every pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the floor ate the chief of staff .
a floor wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle pickled every fine chief of staff ?
a pickled delicious floor understood every pickled pickled fine chief of staff !
the fine floor wanted every delicious fine pickled fine floor .
every delicious perplexed floor wanted the sandwich under the fine president !
the fine fine floor understood every president !
every president understood every pickle .
the pickled pickled president pickled the delicious sandwich .
a president wanted a president .
a floor pickled every delicious floor .
is it true that every chief of staff understood the floor ?
every president pickled every perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff in a fine fine fine perplexed floor wanted a president !
the floor pickled a sandwich !
the sandwich wanted a sandwich .
is it true that a floor under the president kissed every fine pickle ?
the fine fine delicious fine fine floor understood every floor .
a fine perplexed fine chief of staff understood a perplexed pickled president .
the chief of staff kissed every fine floor .
every pickle pickled a floor !
a delicious sandwich ate the pickled pickled perplexed pickled delicious fine sandwich !
every fine pickle pickled every pickled chief of staff !
the perplexed fine perplexed delicious pickle understood every president .
a perplexed fine president wanted a president .
a president wanted a floor .
a pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickled floor pickled a floor !
every perplexed sandwich understood every delicious sandwich .
the president understood the delicious pickled pickled pickle .
every president wanted the perplexed fine pickled pickle .
the fine pickled pickle pickled the floor .
every floor ate every pickle .
the delicious chief of staff with a delicious perplexed pickled pickled sandwich ate every perplexed chief of staff .
every chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
a fine president pickled the sandwich !
every delicious floor kissed every chief of staff .
the pickled perplexed pickle kissed the delicious sandwich .
every fine pickled fine chief of staff pickled every pickle .
every perplexed president understood a floor .
is it true that a pickle understood a pickled sandwich ?
is it true that the delicious perplexed delicious floor ate a chief of staff ?
a pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled the pickle !
every perplexed delicious chief of staff with a chief of staff under every floor on every delicious floor wanted the perplexed floor .
every delicious floor pickled every chief of staff .
a fine delicious perplexed chief of staff understood every fine pickle .
every chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed pickled sandwich !
every pickle pickled the delicious pickled chief of staff .
the pickled pickle ate the president .
the perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle .
a floor kissed a pickled floor .
the fine perplexed president wanted a pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff on a floor kissed the pickled delicious fine pickled pickle ?
a pickle kissed a pickled floor !
a fine pickled pickled president ate a pickle .
a pickled sandwich ate the president !
the delicious delicious fine pickle kissed every pickled sandwich !
a fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff .
a delicious delicious sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
every president kissed a fine pickled president .
the sandwich ate every sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed a floor .
every president wanted every president .
the fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
every chief of staff wanted every delicious sandwich .
a floor kissed every delicious delicious president .
a president kissed the president .
a pickle pickled a chief of staff !
the pickle wanted every pickled delicious sandwich .
the perplexed floor kissed the fine pickled pickle .
is it true that a pickle on every chief of staff ate every fine pickle with the floor ?
the sandwich pickled every pickled floor .
a pickle ate the fine perplexed floor .
a chief of staff pickled the pickled pickled perplexed sandwich .
every chief of staff understood the delicious perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled delicious fine sandwich pickled every pickle in every chief of staff .
every fine floor kissed a perplexed perplexed pickled president .
a chief of staff understood the fine president !
is it true that a perplexed delicious floor understood the fine perplexed perplexed pickled fine pickled president ?
every fine chief of staff kissed the president !
is it true that every perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the pickle ?
a pickle wanted every chief of staff with the sandwich .
the chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed fine pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff ?
every chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
a chief of staff pickled every pickled chief of staff .
a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff understood the fine perplexed pickle !
the sandwich wanted every sandwich .
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted the president ?
the sandwich kissed a pickle !
every chief of staff pickled a pickle .
the pickle ate a pickle !
every pickle kissed every president !
a president wanted every sandwich .
a sandwich pickled the perplexed fine pickle !
the president on every pickled sandwich in a pickled sandwich with a delicious delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
every perplexed president under a sandwich kissed every fine fine sandwich !
the pickled floor kissed every pickle .
is it true that a sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ?
a fine pickled president wanted a chief of staff .
every pickled floor in a pickle pickled a fine delicious chief of staff !
the pickled sandwich wanted the perplexed chief of staff !
the sandwich kissed every floor !
the floor wanted a sandwich .
the chief of staff understood every fine president !
every fine perplexed chief of staff kissed the floor .
every president understood a delicious pickled perplexed pickled fine sandwich .
the delicious delicious chief of staff understood every pickled delicious president .
a chief of staff ate the fine fine chief of staff !
is it true that every perplexed sandwich ate a floor ?
the pickled president understood every chief of staff .
the president understood a chief of staff .
a president understood the perplexed pickle .
every delicious floor understood every chief of staff .
a delicious pickled fine perplexed sandwich ate a floor under the floor under a sandwich !
the floor pickled every delicious pickled sandwich .
is it true that every pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickled fine pickle ?
every delicious perplexed pickled president understood every sandwich .
the president pickled the pickle .
the pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted a floor .
every floor wanted every delicious pickle .
the chief of staff understood a sandwich .
every chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle !
every floor understood every president !
is it true that a chief of staff ate a sandwich ?
the floor kissed the pickled chief of staff !
every pickle wanted every pickled perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed fine floor .
a pickle pickled every president .
a fine pickled president kissed the floor .
a floor ate a pickled delicious floor .
a fine fine sandwich wanted every floor .
a chief of staff wanted the fine president .
is it true that the floor pickled every chief of staff ?
every sandwich ate every perplexed president !
is it true that a delicious perplexed fine sandwich wanted a delicious floor ?
the pickle pickled a perplexed pickled pickle .
every sandwich wanted every floor !
is it true that every floor understood the pickle ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled every fine perplexed pickled floor ?
the delicious president kissed the pickled chief of staff !
a fine fine president pickled a pickle !
every sandwich pickled every pickled floor .
every pickled pickled pickle kissed every floor .
every perplexed pickle understood every president .
every floor pickled every perplexed pickle .
a delicious perplexed floor wanted every floor .
every pickled pickle pickled every president !
every sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
a pickle pickled a president .
the delicious floor wanted every sandwich !
a chief of staff ate the floor .
a chief of staff ate the pickled fine delicious pickled perplexed fine perplexed delicious pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that every delicious sandwich kissed the president ?
is it true that every floor pickled the delicious perplexed fine president ?
a floor understood a fine delicious president .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff ?
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
the floor understood every floor .
every perplexed fine floor wanted every pickle !
a delicious pickled pickle ate every chief of staff !
a fine delicious sandwich kissed every president !
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
a president ate the pickle !
every sandwich pickled every floor .
a pickle understood a sandwich !
is it true that the pickle kissed the fine perplexed pickle ?
the fine chief of staff pickled every fine fine pickled floor !
the delicious floor understood the pickle !
a perplexed chief of staff understood every sandwich .
the chief of staff ate a fine floor !
every floor pickled the sandwich .
is it true that every delicious pickled floor ate every chief of staff ?
is it true that every fine president understood the pickled delicious pickle ?
the fine president ate every president !
a fine chief of staff kissed every pickled fine pickled president .
every floor kissed the sandwich .
every fine perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich on every perplexed pickled perplexed pickle ate a pickle !
every sandwich understood the perplexed fine sandwich in every fine fine chief of staff !
a floor kissed every president .
a floor kissed every president .
the perplexed pickled sandwich wanted every pickle in the floor .
the fine delicious fine perplexed pickled pickled fine pickle under the floor understood the pickled floor .
a floor wanted every sandwich .
every pickled chief of staff ate a floor .
every floor understood a delicious perplexed fine pickle .
is it true that every delicious fine sandwich ate every sandwich ?
the pickled pickled delicious pickle pickled every sandwich !
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
the fine fine delicious fine pickle kissed a chief of staff !
is it true that every floor kissed a pickled fine floor ?
is it true that the perplexed sandwich understood a chief of staff ?
a chief of staff understood a floor !
is it true that the delicious fine sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ?
is it true that the floor ate the delicious chief of staff ?
every perplexed fine sandwich kissed a pickle .
the pickle pickled the delicious delicious pickle !
every floor understood a perplexed pickle .
every sandwich kissed every delicious sandwich under every perplexed pickle with the pickled sandwich with a chief of staff in a floor on the chief of staff !
every pickle understood a fine delicious president !
every chief of staff ate a floor on a fine chief of staff !
every perplexed fine sandwich kissed every perplexed perplexed pickle .
a sandwich understood the perplexed sandwich .
the pickled fine sandwich understood a pickled president .
a chief of staff ate every perplexed sandwich .
a floor kissed every delicious fine pickle with the floor !
every pickled chief of staff ate every delicious chief of staff on the fine pickled delicious perplexed president !
every delicious perplexed pickle wanted a president !
the pickle understood the floor on a floor .
the pickle wanted every fine pickled sandwich .
the fine president understood the fine chief of staff !
a perplexed chief of staff understood every chief of staff !
a perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed delicious pickle .
every chief of staff wanted a perplexed fine sandwich .
every pickle on a delicious fine chief of staff kissed the pickle !
the sandwich pickled every delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled the president .
a perplexed chief of staff ate a floor .
is it true that the pickled fine floor pickled the fine floor ?
a sandwich wanted a delicious president !
every sandwich understood the fine perplexed perplexed pickled president !
a pickled chief of staff pickled a perplexed president under a chief of staff .
every pickled delicious floor wanted a pickled delicious perplexed fine perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the sandwich ate a floor .
the perplexed pickled pickled perplexed floor kissed the president .
every fine chief of staff pickled every chief of staff !
the sandwich kissed the pickled floor .
is it true that the perplexed president understood the president ?
is it true that the president pickled every pickled perplexed pickle ?
a chief of staff on every sandwich understood a delicious president in the perplexed fine pickled perplexed pickle !
a president kissed the sandwich .
a sandwich kissed the pickle .
a president pickled the president !
every floor kissed every fine pickled fine president !
the sandwich pickled the sandwich !
every delicious perplexed delicious floor understood the perplexed president .
a delicious pickle wanted a sandwich !
a pickled perplexed sandwich kissed every pickle .
every fine delicious floor understood a delicious perplexed pickle .
a chief of staff pickled the president !
is it true that the pickled delicious sandwich on the delicious pickled perplexed fine delicious sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff understood every pickled delicious fine pickle ?
the delicious president kissed every pickle .
a perplexed delicious president ate a president .
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff in the fine pickled perplexed president ate every perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
every president wanted a pickled pickle !
the delicious sandwich understood the pickled pickled pickle !
the pickle kissed every fine sandwich in a pickle .
is it true that the chief of staff on a president understood a perplexed pickle ?
the pickled delicious fine president pickled every fine perplexed floor !
the pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff .
the president on every president understood the fine fine sandwich !
every fine pickled delicious fine president pickled every pickled perplexed sandwich !
a pickle pickled every sandwich under the perplexed delicious chief of staff on every delicious fine pickled pickle .
the pickled pickle pickled a delicious pickle .
is it true that the sandwich understood the fine fine president ?
every pickled president wanted a floor .
is it true that the floor understood a pickled president ?
the pickled delicious pickle pickled every fine perplexed president !
the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle understood the delicious fine perplexed perplexed fine fine chief of staff !
every floor kissed every delicious pickled sandwich !
the floor pickled the sandwich !
every president ate the president under every pickled delicious pickled floor !
is it true that a perplexed fine pickled chief of staff on every pickled delicious pickle ate every fine chief of staff ?
the delicious sandwich wanted a fine fine floor .
the fine sandwich ate the delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff with a pickled president on a sandwich under a chief of staff !
the pickle understood the chief of staff .
the perplexed pickle pickled the perplexed president .
the chief of staff in a perplexed pickle kissed the sandwich !
every chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff on every perplexed fine chief of staff on the fine delicious floor wanted a sandwich !
is it true that the floor kissed every perplexed floor ?
the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff wanted every fine floor .
the chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickled floor !
a pickled pickled fine delicious sandwich kissed a pickle !
a perplexed pickle wanted the delicious delicious chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled chief of staff ate every sandwich on a chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the delicious floor .
is it true that every pickle wanted the pickle ?
every delicious president in a delicious floor ate every fine perplexed president !
the president pickled a sandwich .
every perplexed president kissed the president !
a president pickled every sandwich .
every delicious floor kissed every fine fine president .
a delicious floor kissed the pickle .
the fine delicious perplexed sandwich understood the delicious fine chief of staff !
the pickled chief of staff kissed the pickle !
a fine delicious chief of staff pickled every floor !
every pickled pickled president wanted a delicious pickled fine pickle !
is it true that a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood every floor ?
a perplexed sandwich pickled the pickled chief of staff under every floor .
every floor understood a pickle .
the chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
is it true that the fine fine fine chief of staff pickled every delicious pickled chief of staff ?
every pickle understood a perplexed pickle .
a fine fine pickled delicious pickled pickle wanted the pickled fine chief of staff !
a chief of staff understood the pickle .
is it true that the sandwich ate every floor ?
every pickled fine president kissed a fine pickle .
the floor wanted every sandwich !
the pickled perplexed pickle kissed the pickle .
a pickled fine president understood the floor on every fine floor !
the fine delicious fine floor kissed the floor !
every sandwich ate the chief of staff !
a president pickled the president .
the pickle ate every sandwich .
every floor kissed the delicious pickle .
a pickle kissed a pickle !
the sandwich kissed every pickled perplexed floor !
the perplexed sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff !
a delicious pickled sandwich understood every chief of staff .
the pickled floor under a perplexed fine chief of staff pickled a pickle .
a floor ate the fine floor !
a chief of staff ate a sandwich !
every perplexed floor ate every delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that every floor wanted the president ?
a pickle pickled every delicious fine president .
is it true that a fine perplexed pickle ate the president ?
the delicious fine perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff .
every president kissed a fine floor in every fine perplexed sandwich !
the fine chief of staff in a perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every pickle kissed a pickled fine pickled sandwich .
the pickled floor wanted a president !
is it true that every pickled fine delicious pickle kissed the chief of staff ?
every pickled perplexed president kissed a fine pickle .
the president kissed a floor .
the floor pickled every sandwich !
every fine president wanted a perplexed floor .
is it true that the pickle pickled the pickle in every president ?
a pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every president .
a fine pickled pickled president pickled the pickled sandwich .
a fine president kissed a floor .
the pickled perplexed pickled delicious floor kissed every perplexed perplexed fine perplexed pickle .
the fine pickled perplexed perplexed fine floor pickled the sandwich .
every fine delicious chief of staff kissed a president .
the fine fine chief of staff with the delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious pickle .
a floor understood every pickled sandwich .
a pickle kissed every pickle .
the pickled delicious pickled sandwich understood every sandwich !
a pickle with the pickled sandwich wanted the pickled fine delicious fine delicious perplexed pickled fine delicious floor .
every chief of staff understood every floor !
every pickle pickled every chief of staff .
the floor pickled a sandwich !
every delicious sandwich wanted the president on the perplexed sandwich !
every fine pickled pickle in every fine fine president ate every perplexed president !
every chief of staff understood a pickled chief of staff .
every pickle understood every floor .
the fine delicious pickle understood a floor !
a fine delicious perplexed pickled pickle wanted a fine delicious fine pickled sandwich .
a perplexed fine floor understood every chief of staff !
is it true that a president ate the pickled sandwich ?
a delicious fine sandwich on a delicious sandwich pickled the floor .
every delicious delicious sandwich ate a pickle !
the chief of staff ate a perplexed pickled pickle !
is it true that every floor understood a fine delicious fine perplexed fine delicious delicious floor ?
is it true that every fine pickle wanted the perplexed pickle ?
every chief of staff with every floor wanted a perplexed pickled pickle in the perplexed pickled pickle .
a pickle wanted every sandwich .
every delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickle !
the president wanted a pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed pickle kissed a fine delicious delicious chief of staff .
a floor kissed the chief of staff !
the fine perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed delicious pickled pickle !
every chief of staff with every perplexed pickled floor understood every floor !
the floor pickled the pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich ate a perplexed sandwich !
the delicious perplexed president kissed the perplexed floor !
a fine sandwich understood every pickled president .
is it true that a floor kissed a president in a president ?
every pickled delicious perplexed delicious pickled floor kissed the pickle !
the fine floor ate a pickled pickle .
is it true that the perplexed president ate the sandwich ?
the pickle kissed a sandwich .
the floor kissed the president !
is it true that a fine pickle with every pickle kissed every floor ?
a pickle understood a sandwich .
every delicious sandwich wanted a perplexed floor !
the fine delicious pickle understood a pickle !
a perplexed fine chief of staff pickled every pickle !
the floor wanted a chief of staff .
every pickled floor ate the chief of staff on a floor with a pickled president .
the president wanted a chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted a fine perplexed perplexed delicious fine delicious delicious fine floor .
the sandwich ate a president .
a pickle kissed the floor !
is it true that every chief of staff pickled every pickle ?
a floor wanted every delicious floor .
a pickled pickled chief of staff understood every floor !
every floor wanted every pickled pickle !
a pickled fine fine fine pickled president wanted a pickled fine pickled sandwich .
the delicious president pickled every president .
the delicious sandwich ate a pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickled fine pickled sandwich .
a delicious pickle pickled a chief of staff !
a fine floor with every delicious fine chief of staff understood the president .
a perplexed pickle pickled a perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed floor understood the president .
a sandwich ate a sandwich !
every sandwich ate the pickled fine sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted every perplexed floor ?
is it true that the floor pickled the pickled delicious sandwich ?
is it true that a president ate the pickled pickled pickle ?
every president kissed the perplexed chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the floor .
the floor kissed the president !
every pickled delicious chief of staff wanted every floor .
a fine chief of staff understood the pickled pickle !
a fine perplexed perplexed president ate the fine perplexed pickle under the chief of staff .
a pickle wanted the pickle .
the fine president understood a delicious sandwich on every pickle !
every perplexed perplexed floor ate every delicious pickled delicious president .
a sandwich pickled every pickle .
every sandwich ate the floor !
the floor pickled the president .
the sandwich ate the floor .
is it true that the president pickled the fine sandwich ?
is it true that every sandwich ate every pickle ?
the sandwich ate the floor !
every chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickled floor !
every president kissed every pickled fine pickled delicious fine sandwich .
the president kissed every chief of staff !
the floor understood every floor .
a floor pickled the delicious sandwich in every president .
every pickled pickled president kissed every perplexed floor !
the perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff under every pickle .
a floor ate every perplexed delicious pickled sandwich .
the sandwich kissed a pickled president .
every pickle pickled every chief of staff !
every fine perplexed sandwich pickled a chief of staff !
the floor understood a fine delicious sandwich !
every perplexed sandwich pickled the president !
the perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff pickled every pickled president !
the sandwich pickled the pickle !
every pickle understood every pickled delicious sandwich .
the delicious delicious chief of staff pickled a floor !
every delicious pickled pickle understood a sandwich .
the president wanted a sandwich .
every pickle wanted every chief of staff !
every perplexed sandwich ate the floor .
every floor pickled a delicious pickle .
is it true that the fine chief of staff kissed the chief of staff in every pickle ?
every fine president pickled the floor !
the pickled pickle pickled every sandwich .
a pickled fine floor kissed every fine delicious pickled perplexed perplexed pickled pickled floor .
every floor understood every delicious delicious delicious perplexed pickle .
is it true that a sandwich understood every pickle ?
a sandwich wanted the pickle .
is it true that every delicious chief of staff ate a floor ?
is it true that the floor kissed a delicious president ?
every chief of staff ate every pickle .
a sandwich ate every president !
every fine perplexed perplexed delicious floor kissed every pickle .
a sandwich understood a floor !
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
a president pickled every fine sandwich .
a pickled chief of staff wanted every perplexed chief of staff .
the perplexed floor kissed a perplexed pickled pickled pickle !
every pickle wanted every pickle .
a president pickled a pickle .
a chief of staff kissed the fine pickle .
a perplexed pickle understood every perplexed president .
is it true that a delicious pickled fine pickle on the chief of staff understood a president with a floor ?
every pickle ate a pickled sandwich .
a fine delicious chief of staff pickled a fine sandwich .
every pickled perplexed pickle pickled every fine pickle !
a delicious pickle understood a sandwich !
the delicious sandwich wanted the floor .
every sandwich ate every chief of staff .
a pickled pickle wanted a pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff kissed every chief of staff .
is it true that every perplexed fine fine sandwich kissed every fine pickled president ?
every sandwich kissed every delicious president !
a pickled delicious floor wanted every sandwich .
the fine pickle pickled every pickled perplexed pickle .
is it true that a sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
every pickled chief of staff wanted a sandwich !
the pickled fine president pickled a floor .
the president kissed a chief of staff .
the pickle wanted the delicious pickle .
is it true that the sandwich kissed a floor ?
the president pickled every fine pickle !
is it true that every pickle kissed the pickled president ?
is it true that a pickled president wanted every delicious pickled pickled pickle ?
every pickle kissed a sandwich !
is it true that a president kissed the pickled pickle ?
every delicious pickle understood the pickle .
every fine delicious floor pickled every president !
is it true that every pickle understood the perplexed pickle ?
the pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff understood the sandwich .
a pickled pickled perplexed pickled president on a perplexed pickle ate every delicious perplexed perplexed fine sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed every fine fine pickled delicious chief of staff !
the sandwich with every sandwich pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that every sandwich ate every pickle ?
a pickled perplexed chief of staff understood the chief of staff with a delicious floor .
every sandwich understood the pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickled chief of staff !
the delicious delicious chief of staff wanted every perplexed perplexed perplexed president !
the perplexed perplexed pickle understood a pickled pickle .
the delicious perplexed sandwich in the pickled chief of staff understood the floor !
is it true that a delicious pickle kissed the perplexed president ?
the perplexed perplexed fine pickled president wanted a perplexed fine pickle on the pickle .
every president ate the delicious chief of staff .
a perplexed sandwich understood the delicious pickled pickle .
every perplexed delicious perplexed delicious president understood every floor .
the perplexed pickle understood the pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled perplexed perplexed floor ate a chief of staff in every pickle !
the chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickled delicious president in every chief of staff .
a perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ate the pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the sandwich .
a president wanted a perplexed perplexed delicious pickled floor !
the president in every fine pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickle !
the pickle understood a pickled floor .
a fine president wanted every perplexed pickle .
a president kissed the pickle .
a perplexed pickled president kissed every perplexed fine pickled fine president .
the president wanted every delicious fine perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
every sandwich in a fine sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed fine delicious fine fine floor .
a fine perplexed sandwich kissed the president .
the sandwich ate a fine perplexed fine pickled fine pickled delicious pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
the fine sandwich ate the fine delicious floor !
is it true that every president ate every pickled president ?
the pickle understood the chief of staff !
the perplexed fine pickle wanted a pickled pickle !
a president ate the pickled floor .
a delicious fine pickle ate the chief of staff !
a perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor !
every pickle understood the sandwich .
a sandwich understood a perplexed delicious floor .
the pickle kissed the president !
the delicious president under the floor on every chief of staff with a delicious president pickled every president !
a delicious chief of staff understood a perplexed fine pickle .
every pickled fine sandwich pickled the perplexed president .
a delicious floor understood the president .
every president kissed every sandwich .
the pickle pickled every pickled pickled pickle .
a president pickled the pickle .
is it true that the pickled president with the floor kissed a perplexed president ?
the sandwich ate a floor !
a sandwich wanted the pickle !
every sandwich wanted every president !
every floor under every floor understood a chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle under a chief of staff wanted every delicious floor ?
a pickled president ate the fine fine floor .
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor pickled a delicious pickle ?
the pickle kissed every floor .
is it true that a fine fine fine president kissed the delicious delicious pickle with every sandwich ?
a president kissed every pickle .
is it true that a pickled pickle pickled the fine sandwich ?
is it true that the perplexed sandwich kissed a pickle ?
every pickle understood a pickle !
the perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a floor !
every fine president under a chief of staff kissed the pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff understood every pickle ?
every sandwich understood a floor !
the pickled sandwich understood every pickled fine sandwich .
a delicious sandwich wanted a fine chief of staff !
a floor understood a pickled delicious fine pickled pickled sandwich .
every pickle understood a perplexed perplexed pickle .
a sandwich with every pickled pickle ate a perplexed delicious floor with the sandwich on the president .
a chief of staff understood the floor .
is it true that the floor wanted every fine sandwich ?
a pickled chief of staff ate the pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious fine chief of staff .
a delicious fine pickle pickled every floor !
every delicious perplexed perplexed delicious floor wanted every sandwich !
every pickled pickled fine pickled pickle kissed a fine pickle .
the fine pickle ate the chief of staff !
the pickle kissed every floor on a pickled chief of staff .
every chief of staff understood every delicious chief of staff !
every president ate every floor !
the fine fine pickled perplexed president pickled a perplexed sandwich .
the delicious delicious perplexed delicious president under the chief of staff understood a floor .
is it true that the floor kissed the president ?
every delicious pickled floor wanted a sandwich !
every floor kissed every chief of staff .
the perplexed perplexed delicious delicious fine sandwich pickled a delicious sandwich .
every pickled floor in the delicious president understood every president .
a chief of staff understood a president with every floor .
a perplexed pickled fine pickled fine delicious delicious sandwich under every sandwich pickled the president .
the chief of staff pickled the floor !
every perplexed perplexed pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff !
every president ate every president .
the pickle in a delicious pickled pickled pickled perplexed president wanted every delicious perplexed delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that every pickle understood a pickled delicious floor ?
a sandwich ate a pickled delicious delicious chief of staff !
the fine fine pickle pickled every pickle .
a president understood every floor in a perplexed chief of staff under every chief of staff .
every pickled president kissed a delicious chief of staff !
every sandwich understood every floor .
every delicious chief of staff pickled every delicious president !
the pickled perplexed floor kissed a president !
the perplexed floor ate a floor !
a chief of staff pickled the president !
a pickled fine delicious sandwich understood the fine perplexed sandwich .
a pickle kissed every sandwich .
is it true that a fine pickle wanted the fine president ?
a delicious perplexed pickled pickle pickled the floor .
the delicious president with every chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled sandwich .
the sandwich kissed a fine president !
the perplexed pickle pickled a delicious president .
every chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickle .
the president kissed every pickled delicious floor .
every delicious delicious pickled president understood the sandwich under every chief of staff .
every chief of staff ate a pickle .
the fine president ate the chief of staff .
every perplexed fine delicious sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a president ate the floor on every delicious perplexed sandwich ?
every pickled pickled pickled pickle ate every pickled fine pickle .
the pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted a floor .
the president wanted every fine president .
every pickle ate every chief of staff !
a delicious perplexed delicious pickled perplexed president wanted the delicious perplexed delicious pickle !
every fine sandwich kissed a floor .
is it true that a president ate a floor ?
a sandwich ate the pickled chief of staff .
a pickle pickled the perplexed pickle !
every perplexed fine pickled perplexed pickled perplexed floor ate every fine pickled fine delicious pickle .
every perplexed pickled fine floor kissed a sandwich .
every pickled pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff !
the fine fine floor ate a president with the perplexed delicious pickle .
every sandwich kissed the chief of staff under the perplexed pickle .
the fine pickle pickled every delicious delicious perplexed fine fine chief of staff .
every president kissed a fine delicious pickle .
the fine pickle ate a perplexed president .
a pickled floor pickled the chief of staff !
every fine chief of staff wanted the pickled perplexed pickle !
the pickled fine sandwich pickled every pickled delicious president .
is it true that a fine fine perplexed president kissed every chief of staff ?
the delicious delicious floor understood every pickle .
every fine chief of staff ate a chief of staff .
a floor understood every sandwich on a president .
a pickled pickled floor kissed the delicious president .
a pickled delicious perplexed pickle pickled a floor .
the delicious pickled sandwich ate every pickled chief of staff .
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every president !
a pickle ate every perplexed pickled pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff under the sandwich .
is it true that the delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed fine pickle wanted every sandwich ?
a chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
every floor understood the perplexed pickled perplexed delicious president .
is it true that a floor understood a president ?
the perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ate a fine sandwich .
every sandwich on every pickled pickled pickle kissed the floor .
the pickle wanted the president on a delicious perplexed floor on every perplexed fine fine delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor .
the delicious pickled pickled sandwich pickled every fine chief of staff !
a chief of staff pickled the fine perplexed fine pickle .
a pickle pickled the pickle !
the president on the perplexed floor kissed the pickled pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a president ?
every president understood every delicious fine perplexed fine fine floor .
the pickled pickled fine pickle wanted a pickle .
every fine president pickled the fine president !
is it true that every pickle pickled a pickle ?
every pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled pickle kissed a pickle !
the perplexed floor pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed delicious delicious perplexed floor understood every floor ?
a pickled pickle kissed a chief of staff !
the sandwich wanted every chief of staff .
the president understood every perplexed pickle .
every perplexed fine fine perplexed fine pickled sandwich understood a sandwich !
a perplexed president ate the president .
is it true that every pickle understood every president ?
every sandwich understood every pickled sandwich .
a pickle kissed every perplexed pickled president !
every president ate every floor .
is it true that the pickle wanted a perplexed pickled fine sandwich ?
every pickled sandwich understood a floor .
a perplexed chief of staff pickled a sandwich !
every chief of staff understood every sandwich .
the fine pickled pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed fine sandwich .
every president understood every chief of staff .
a floor pickled a sandwich .
is it true that the pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff with a president ?
every floor ate the perplexed pickle !
a president wanted every pickle .
every floor ate every perplexed fine fine delicious chief of staff .
a president pickled the pickled floor .
a perplexed president wanted the floor !
a perplexed chief of staff kissed every fine sandwich !
the delicious delicious floor understood the delicious fine floor .
a pickle understood the pickle .
the sandwich understood the sandwich .
every pickled sandwich ate a delicious fine sandwich !
the floor ate the chief of staff .
the fine fine pickled fine fine delicious pickle wanted the chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed a president !
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle pickled a fine chief of staff ?
is it true that every floor kissed a delicious president ?
the fine perplexed sandwich kissed a floor .
the delicious president ate the chief of staff .
every perplexed president understood the fine perplexed pickled chief of staff !
a fine pickle understood a pickled pickled sandwich .
every pickled floor under a chief of staff wanted the pickled chief of staff !
every president under the chief of staff understood every pickled floor .
is it true that every perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich ?
the floor with the perplexed floor in a delicious fine pickle pickled every delicious perplexed fine delicious pickle .
is it true that every delicious perplexed president wanted the perplexed chief of staff ?
every floor kissed every delicious sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted every pickled president under every pickled delicious president .
is it true that the fine chief of staff wanted a pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickled sandwich ?
is it true that a pickled floor on a pickled perplexed sandwich wanted the pickle ?
a pickle understood every president .
every president understood every sandwich !
every president wanted every sandwich .
the perplexed pickle kissed the floor .
every chief of staff pickled every fine sandwich .
the perplexed pickle ate every delicious pickled chief of staff .
every perplexed fine delicious floor understood every floor .
every delicious delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a pickle !
the president kissed a pickle .
a delicious floor wanted a floor !
a perplexed floor wanted every fine sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
the floor kissed the chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood a chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled fine sandwich wanted the pickle ?
every chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled sandwich !
the pickled delicious fine chief of staff kissed every president .
is it true that every fine delicious fine pickled chief of staff pickled every pickle ?
every perplexed delicious pickled floor on the pickle ate a pickled pickled pickled floor !
the pickled floor wanted a fine president !
the president ate the sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff .
every sandwich kissed a president .
the floor with the sandwich wanted a delicious president .
every fine president ate every pickle .
a perplexed sandwich pickled every perplexed president .
the pickled fine sandwich understood every president .
every fine perplexed pickle kissed the perplexed pickled pickle .
is it true that a chief of staff ate a sandwich ?
is it true that the fine pickled fine delicious president ate the pickle ?
every chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
a perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the fine perplexed president wanted every delicious president .
a pickled president ate every pickled sandwich .
the floor under a floor kissed a pickled sandwich with a pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed floor under every president in the president !
is it true that the delicious delicious delicious president kissed a floor ?
every delicious pickled sandwich understood the pickled pickle with every floor !
every delicious floor wanted every delicious pickle .
the pickled sandwich ate a president !
the fine sandwich in the chief of staff kissed a delicious president .
every pickled floor under the fine pickle kissed every delicious floor .
the sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
a president ate every chief of staff .
the president understood every chief of staff .
every chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
a pickle on every perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted a sandwich .
is it true that the president ate the perplexed floor ?
a fine fine pickle understood a perplexed sandwich !
a president kissed the pickled chief of staff .
is it true that every delicious floor wanted the floor ?
is it true that a floor kissed every fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich ?
a delicious pickled pickled president understood every pickle !
a pickle pickled a pickled pickled chief of staff .
every pickled pickle understood every floor .
a sandwich pickled every floor !
the president ate every chief of staff .
a sandwich under the perplexed pickle kissed a perplexed sandwich !
the chief of staff ate a delicious perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled pickle pickled a floor !
is it true that every sandwich pickled every delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that the perplexed sandwich wanted a perplexed president ?
every floor pickled the sandwich .
every fine delicious pickle wanted every fine president .
every chief of staff wanted every fine pickle .
a president ate the perplexed delicious president .
every sandwich ate every sandwich !
every floor wanted every chief of staff !
the president pickled a pickle in every chief of staff !
the delicious president on the floor wanted the sandwich .
a fine fine pickle ate the sandwich .
every delicious chief of staff ate every delicious perplexed sandwich !
every pickled president understood every chief of staff with a delicious pickle in every floor .
the pickle kissed every delicious floor .
every delicious pickled perplexed president kissed every delicious delicious delicious pickled pickle .
a pickle pickled the perplexed delicious pickled pickled pickle .
every perplexed floor ate a pickle with the perplexed delicious perplexed floor on the president .
every floor kissed the delicious chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff !
every sandwich on the pickle understood every perplexed pickle !
a floor pickled the chief of staff .
the chief of staff pickled the president .
the floor wanted a fine president with every sandwich .
a president ate a pickle .
is it true that a pickle understood the president ?
every floor wanted a fine sandwich .
a fine sandwich understood a president !
every chief of staff wanted a pickled fine sandwich .
every sandwich ate every floor !
the perplexed pickled chief of staff on the sandwich pickled the fine president .
is it true that every pickle pickled every pickle ?
the pickle pickled the chief of staff .
every chief of staff ate the perplexed sandwich .
the sandwich pickled every pickled delicious floor .
the pickled pickle pickled the floor under a pickled pickle .
is it true that the president ate the perplexed delicious president on a floor ?
a floor pickled the sandwich .
every delicious fine delicious perplexed perplexed fine floor understood every president !
the perplexed perplexed pickle under every perplexed pickled sandwich ate the chief of staff .
every pickled delicious pickled perplexed sandwich kissed a perplexed pickle !
is it true that a fine fine fine perplexed pickle understood the delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
every delicious president wanted every fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich .
every floor pickled every pickle !
every pickled pickled sandwich kissed every delicious pickled fine fine president .
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that a president understood every chief of staff ?
a delicious sandwich wanted the pickled president .
a fine president understood a delicious president .
a sandwich under the delicious delicious pickle wanted every pickled pickle !
the perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed floor kissed the pickle .
every sandwich ate every pickled pickle .
is it true that every president understood a chief of staff ?
the pickled floor kissed every perplexed perplexed fine delicious fine president .
the chief of staff pickled every pickled perplexed pickle .
the fine perplexed president understood every chief of staff !
a pickle ate every fine pickle !
a floor pickled a perplexed president !
the pickled pickle kissed a pickle .
the fine delicious president wanted a pickled fine sandwich .
every floor pickled the floor .
a chief of staff ate every fine fine perplexed delicious president .
every president pickled the pickle under a chief of staff on the pickled delicious pickle .
every sandwich wanted the fine fine pickled pickled pickle .
every sandwich wanted the president .
the fine fine floor kissed the sandwich !
a pickle ate the pickle .
every delicious perplexed delicious president pickled the sandwich !
a floor wanted the pickled president !
a sandwich on the president pickled a perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a pickled sandwich understood every floor !
every perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
a pickle understood every fine delicious perplexed president !
the delicious perplexed pickle wanted the floor in the delicious delicious pickle !
the pickled fine sandwich wanted a pickle !
is it true that every fine floor understood every perplexed president ?
is it true that every president pickled every floor ?
every pickle ate the sandwich .
every pickle kissed every chief of staff .
every delicious sandwich understood the pickle .
every floor understood the pickle .
the fine pickle under the sandwich wanted a floor !
every sandwich ate a president .
the chief of staff ate a perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich ate every chief of staff ?
a chief of staff pickled the president !
the sandwich pickled the fine chief of staff .
the pickle pickled the pickle .
every floor understood the fine pickled perplexed perplexed president under the delicious sandwich .
every perplexed pickle pickled the fine pickled sandwich .
a fine perplexed president with a floor ate every floor .
a president kissed every perplexed fine fine fine president .
is it true that every delicious pickled pickle on a pickled fine fine delicious sandwich with a chief of staff kissed a fine floor ?
every pickled chief of staff understood every pickle !
every fine pickle pickled a president .
every chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
a floor ate a pickled pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled floor pickled every fine pickled pickled perplexed pickle .
every pickle wanted every pickle !
the pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every fine sandwich pickled a pickled chief of staff ?
the fine pickle wanted every chief of staff !
the pickled chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious delicious pickled president pickled a floor .
the chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed floor .
is it true that a pickle understood the fine delicious pickle ?
is it true that every pickle pickled every perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff pickled the president ?
the perplexed president ate the perplexed chief of staff !
every delicious floor ate the fine delicious pickle .
a president wanted the chief of staff !
the president kissed the perplexed floor .
every floor wanted every perplexed sandwich !
a pickle understood the pickle !
every chief of staff ate a president !
the perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich !
a sandwich wanted the fine floor !
every president with the sandwich understood the perplexed chief of staff .
a fine pickle understood the delicious sandwich .
the floor ate a president .
a delicious president ate every perplexed pickled fine pickled pickled pickled pickled perplexed president .
the perplexed fine pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
every pickle pickled the sandwich .
a president understood every sandwich !
every pickled floor ate every pickle .
a pickled chief of staff in the delicious fine floor wanted a pickle .
a fine floor ate a fine floor .
a chief of staff kissed the fine delicious sandwich !
the chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
every president wanted every pickle .
every delicious floor wanted every delicious chief of staff .
every fine sandwich understood the pickle .
every fine pickled sandwich wanted the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff .
the pickle pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich ate the pickle ?
every delicious floor kissed every perplexed pickle with the pickled pickled president in every sandwich !
the pickled president understood every pickle on every chief of staff under every pickle on every sandwich in the chief of staff with the fine perplexed pickle !
is it true that every pickled sandwich ate the chief of staff ?
the sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff !
a pickled chief of staff kissed a fine fine chief of staff .
the president on every sandwich kissed the pickle in a sandwich .
a sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed pickle .
the delicious pickled pickle ate the sandwich !
a floor understood the floor .
every pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed fine fine delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff pickled every pickle on every fine pickle !
every pickle kissed a delicious fine pickled delicious fine pickle on the chief of staff in the fine fine perplexed fine delicious chief of staff !
the floor understood the delicious chief of staff on the pickle !
every pickled sandwich understood every pickled pickled fine pickle .
a sandwich with a delicious perplexed sandwich understood the perplexed pickled pickled president in a perplexed fine sandwich !
the fine fine sandwich understood the delicious pickled sandwich .
the president kissed every sandwich !
the pickle ate the delicious delicious floor .
is it true that the fine pickled perplexed delicious floor ate the pickle ?
is it true that a perplexed president understood a perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
the floor understood a sandwich !
the sandwich understood a pickled sandwich under a sandwich .
is it true that a floor wanted every delicious perplexed floor ?
every floor kissed the perplexed floor !
the president ate a sandwich !
the pickled sandwich under the delicious fine pickle ate a president !
a floor ate every floor !
a chief of staff kissed every perplexed fine perplexed president .
the fine fine pickle kissed the fine perplexed perplexed floor .
every pickle on a sandwich wanted every chief of staff !
every pickle kissed a pickled fine chief of staff .
every pickled pickle in every sandwich kissed a pickled pickled chief of staff !
the president ate a delicious pickled fine pickled chief of staff !
a floor wanted the sandwich .
a pickle ate the perplexed president .
every president with a pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickle in every delicious pickle .
a fine pickled fine delicious delicious president ate a delicious pickle .
a perplexed floor pickled every perplexed fine floor .
the pickle wanted every chief of staff .
a delicious president understood every pickle .
every fine delicious fine fine perplexed pickled delicious pickle ate every fine pickle .
every pickled delicious pickled chief of staff pickled every fine perplexed fine delicious delicious pickled president !
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ?
every chief of staff wanted the perplexed president !
every floor wanted a chief of staff .
a delicious delicious perplexed delicious fine pickled pickled delicious floor ate a delicious pickled chief of staff on every delicious pickle !
the sandwich kissed every sandwich .
every pickle kissed a perplexed president !
the fine chief of staff understood the sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle .
a pickled chief of staff under a floor ate a chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff pickled a floor .
every pickled pickle kissed every delicious perplexed delicious pickled floor !
every perplexed perplexed floor ate every perplexed sandwich .
the pickled president kissed every president !
the president understood the perplexed pickled fine floor .
the chief of staff kissed a president .
is it true that every chief of staff pickled the pickle under the perplexed pickled sandwich in every delicious chief of staff on the chief of staff ?
every pickled pickle ate every sandwich .
a president wanted every perplexed delicious delicious pickle !
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed pickled perplexed floor ?
every floor pickled the chief of staff under a pickled delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff under every pickled fine pickle !
the perplexed chief of staff wanted every pickled pickled delicious pickle !
a fine fine fine perplexed chief of staff wanted a fine fine delicious pickle .
the fine sandwich wanted every delicious perplexed sandwich !
every floor kissed every fine president .
is it true that a delicious floor kissed the perplexed sandwich ?
a chief of staff kissed a pickled delicious delicious pickled perplexed sandwich .
every president wanted a chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a perplexed pickled pickled pickle !
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich .
every delicious fine floor pickled a pickle !
the pickle wanted a pickle .
the sandwich pickled a fine pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed every fine pickled chief of staff .
the floor under every fine chief of staff ate a floor .
a floor ate a pickle .
the floor understood the sandwich .
a president under every president in every sandwich in a president wanted a chief of staff !
every perplexed fine fine fine pickled pickled pickled president understood every chief of staff !
every fine pickle pickled every pickled perplexed pickle .
a perplexed sandwich pickled the perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious pickled president kissed a fine chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed a perplexed fine delicious fine perplexed pickle !
every pickled president wanted every president .
a delicious chief of staff wanted the fine pickle .
a pickle kissed the delicious delicious sandwich .
a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich in the floor pickled the chief of staff .
a pickle pickled a pickled pickled pickled fine president !
every pickle pickled the fine delicious delicious delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle with a perplexed perplexed president pickled a president ?
a delicious floor on a fine fine pickled president in a sandwich ate the pickle .
a sandwich understood every president .
every fine fine perplexed fine sandwich ate the fine pickled chief of staff in every sandwich in every delicious pickled president .
a sandwich in every perplexed floor on the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
every fine pickle with every pickle pickled a perplexed chief of staff .
every pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled a pickled sandwich .
every fine pickled chief of staff understood every pickled pickle .
is it true that every floor understood the sandwich ?
is it true that the president ate every pickle ?
the sandwich pickled the president .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every fine fine chief of staff ?
the president ate the fine pickled delicious delicious sandwich !
every floor kissed every fine fine delicious fine delicious chief of staff !
a pickled delicious delicious sandwich with the president on the floor ate every president .
a delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickled perplexed floor wanted a perplexed pickle .
a pickle wanted a sandwich !
a chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickled fine delicious pickled sandwich .
the delicious pickle ate every perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every perplexed floor kissed the fine perplexed pickle ?
the pickled fine floor wanted every fine fine delicious perplexed pickle .
a delicious sandwich understood every floor .
a president understood the chief of staff .
a sandwich ate a chief of staff under a perplexed fine delicious delicious floor under the pickled pickled chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed delicious floor .
a fine sandwich ate every pickled fine pickled fine perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff in every pickle pickled the chief of staff .
every chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed floor !
the floor ate the pickled fine fine fine president .
the perplexed perplexed sandwich understood every floor .
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickle with the chief of staff ?
the chief of staff under a sandwich pickled the pickled sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff ate a delicious pickled pickle ?
a pickle ate the delicious floor .
the perplexed pickled fine floor understood the delicious sandwich .
every perplexed fine president pickled a delicious sandwich .
a pickle wanted a president .
the delicious chief of staff under every delicious fine president ate a fine perplexed fine sandwich !
is it true that every pickled pickle ate the pickle ?
the pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickled fine pickled pickle wanted every pickled delicious pickled president .
a president wanted the chief of staff .
the fine perplexed floor pickled a president .
a perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a chief of staff with every pickle .
every pickled delicious perplexed floor in the floor pickled the delicious sandwich !
every delicious chief of staff kissed the pickled delicious sandwich .
a delicious president understood every pickled delicious floor .
the president ate a president with a president with every pickle .
every floor understood a pickle .
every pickled sandwich pickled every fine fine fine fine floor !
a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed perplexed pickled pickled pickled delicious perplexed president ate the delicious floor ?
a president kissed the floor !
every floor on a sandwich kissed a fine fine pickle under a pickle .
the delicious sandwich wanted the pickle !
the chief of staff understood every delicious sandwich .
the delicious president understood the pickled chief of staff !
the perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
the perplexed president wanted the perplexed pickle !
the floor kissed every floor !
a president kissed the chief of staff .
every pickled president wanted the perplexed delicious floor .
a perplexed pickled pickle on every sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
the perplexed fine pickled perplexed fine delicious delicious pickled president pickled every floor .
every pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff with every pickled pickle .
the perplexed pickle pickled a president .
a pickle ate every pickled pickle !
is it true that the chief of staff with a chief of staff kissed the pickled chief of staff ?
the perplexed president understood a fine pickled sandwich .
a fine floor in the delicious chief of staff under the president pickled the sandwich !
the pickled delicious pickle ate the chief of staff !
the floor kissed the president .
a perplexed pickle in every floor in a pickled fine pickled president kissed a pickle .
every chief of staff pickled every floor on every sandwich .
a sandwich ate the pickled president .
every pickle pickled every sandwich .
is it true that the floor pickled a chief of staff ?
a president kissed the delicious pickled president !
is it true that every perplexed fine delicious chief of staff pickled the perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed delicious fine pickle ?
a fine floor in a chief of staff understood every pickled pickled pickled floor !
is it true that a president understood a delicious pickled floor ?
a sandwich wanted every pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the sandwich ate every president .
every president wanted a perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
every delicious president pickled every fine floor .
every fine delicious pickled delicious chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious delicious fine delicious chief of staff .
every chief of staff under every perplexed president understood a sandwich .
every pickle kissed a president .
every perplexed sandwich ate every pickle .
is it true that the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff pickled the fine fine perplexed delicious delicious perplexed president ?
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff ate every pickle ?
a chief of staff in a pickled perplexed chief of staff understood every fine floor .
is it true that a pickle wanted every chief of staff ?
the perplexed president understood a chief of staff .
every delicious perplexed fine fine perplexed fine president wanted a fine chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle ate every president ?
a fine pickled president ate the delicious floor !
is it true that the pickle ate the sandwich ?
a pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff .
the pickle on a floor ate every pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed fine chief of staff understood the sandwich with every fine perplexed pickle on a fine chief of staff !
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ?
a floor in the chief of staff pickled a pickled president .
is it true that a president understood every sandwich ?
every delicious perplexed sandwich ate a pickle .
a pickled pickle understood a president .
a fine sandwich wanted a pickled pickle !
the perplexed sandwich wanted the president .
is it true that every pickle understood a chief of staff ?
a perplexed floor kissed the pickled perplexed floor with the chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the delicious chief of staff ?
the delicious pickle kissed a president .
every delicious president wanted every pickle !
every delicious fine delicious president pickled a chief of staff !
a floor understood the floor .
every president pickled a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich .
a delicious pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
a delicious sandwich kissed the pickle .
is it true that every president pickled the fine perplexed pickled president ?
every perplexed sandwich on a fine delicious fine pickled chief of staff ate every pickle !
a fine floor pickled every sandwich !
a delicious pickled delicious sandwich pickled the fine perplexed perplexed fine pickled chief of staff !
the perplexed delicious floor kissed a pickled pickled perplexed pickled president .
a perplexed delicious perplexed floor understood every fine sandwich .
every perplexed delicious pickle kissed every president .
the pickle kissed the floor .
is it true that every fine delicious pickled fine floor kissed the pickled chief of staff ?
a pickled delicious pickled president ate the president !
a pickled floor pickled every perplexed president .
the floor ate a pickled pickle !
a pickle kissed the floor .
every delicious delicious fine floor ate a sandwich .
every sandwich pickled every floor .
a fine perplexed president pickled the delicious pickle !
a chief of staff pickled every pickle .
a fine sandwich understood every perplexed fine floor .
every delicious fine delicious pickle kissed every delicious perplexed floor !
a pickled floor ate a president .
a delicious chief of staff understood the pickle .
the fine delicious pickled floor wanted a pickled fine pickled president .
a pickle kissed the delicious floor .
is it true that every fine floor ate the fine chief of staff ?
a floor pickled a president !
the perplexed pickled sandwich understood the delicious sandwich .
the floor understood every floor .
every fine pickled delicious pickled chief of staff kissed a president .
the fine pickled floor kissed the pickled floor .
the fine delicious president understood a pickle .
a pickle pickled every perplexed pickle !
a pickle ate the chief of staff !
is it true that every floor wanted a sandwich ?
the pickle kissed a pickled fine pickle .
a president pickled a sandwich .
every pickled sandwich kissed a pickle .
a floor ate every pickled delicious floor .
a fine president understood the pickle .
every pickled sandwich wanted the fine president under every sandwich .
the fine pickle understood every president .
the sandwich under every pickled perplexed president kissed a floor .
a president ate the fine chief of staff .
a delicious chief of staff understood every perplexed floor .
every sandwich wanted a sandwich with a sandwich .
a pickle wanted the president .
the fine president understood the fine floor .
a sandwich pickled a fine sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich in a pickled sandwich pickled a perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
the floor pickled the fine president !
every delicious pickle pickled a pickled pickled pickled fine chief of staff in the chief of staff .
a pickled chief of staff ate every perplexed president .
every pickled pickle wanted a pickled sandwich .
the delicious fine pickle under a perplexed floor with every perplexed pickled delicious pickle ate the sandwich .
a pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff understood the floor .
the pickled floor pickled every floor !
is it true that every floor under every floor understood the pickled chief of staff ?
the pickled fine delicious pickled chief of staff pickled a pickle !
every fine pickled delicious fine president understood every fine pickled chief of staff with the pickled president under a chief of staff .
every floor kissed a pickled perplexed delicious delicious fine pickled president .
the delicious floor wanted every president .
the perplexed perplexed pickle understood a delicious sandwich !
every perplexed pickle under every fine fine perplexed chief of staff in a president ate every pickled delicious floor .
the pickle ate every floor .
every chief of staff understood every delicious perplexed perplexed pickle with the president .
a delicious sandwich kissed every sandwich in every chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled a pickle .
the floor kissed the chief of staff .
a perplexed president wanted the fine president .
the chief of staff kissed the fine president !
the chief of staff ate a sandwich !
every delicious pickled president understood every fine chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted a delicious pickled delicious perplexed floor !
a pickle pickled the pickled delicious fine fine fine president .
every floor kissed every fine sandwich .
the sandwich in a perplexed pickle understood a pickle in a floor with every pickle .
every floor understood the delicious fine chief of staff !
a delicious perplexed floor pickled the chief of staff .
a fine pickle kissed the delicious sandwich in the delicious delicious chief of staff !
the chief of staff wanted the pickled fine delicious perplexed president .
a fine perplexed fine sandwich ate a pickle .
the floor understood every perplexed sandwich !
is it true that a pickled floor understood the fine pickled sandwich ?
is it true that every fine pickled president ate a pickled pickled sandwich ?
is it true that a floor wanted a pickled president ?
every pickled delicious pickled floor in every pickle ate every pickled sandwich .
the perplexed pickle with the chief of staff with the chief of staff under the floor with the perplexed perplexed pickle in every floor kissed every pickle on a fine pickle .
the president pickled the pickled sandwich .
the delicious perplexed perplexed fine fine fine fine pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president understood the pickled delicious fine pickled perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed sandwich pickled a delicious delicious delicious perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
the pickle kissed every president .
the sandwich kissed a pickle under every pickle !
a perplexed floor under the perplexed fine perplexed pickled pickled floor ate every chief of staff !
every sandwich understood a pickle .
every pickle ate every delicious sandwich .
a fine fine pickle ate the fine chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle ate the fine fine floor ?
the pickle understood every president .
every pickled fine president in every perplexed pickled perplexed delicious fine chief of staff pickled the president .
the perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a president .
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickle understood every perplexed floor ?
every perplexed chief of staff ate a delicious pickle .
the president ate a pickled pickled floor .
the pickle pickled the fine perplexed president .
a pickled perplexed perplexed pickled pickled president pickled a perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed fine president understood a sandwich under a pickled fine perplexed pickle on a fine pickle !
every delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickle .
a perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ate every pickled fine chief of staff !
a sandwich ate a pickled floor !
every chief of staff understood a chief of staff in the perplexed pickle !
every delicious president wanted every president .
the fine delicious fine fine floor wanted every fine president .
a delicious fine perplexed pickle wanted every chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled every perplexed sandwich .
every fine president wanted a pickled president !
is it true that the floor wanted a pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that the president kissed a floor ?
a perplexed pickled fine delicious fine pickled pickled delicious delicious delicious fine sandwich ate every perplexed perplexed sandwich !
every delicious perplexed floor wanted a fine fine perplexed sandwich .
every chief of staff ate the floor .
a fine floor understood every perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff .
every perplexed pickle ate every pickled chief of staff !
every floor wanted every delicious pickled delicious delicious sandwich .
the sandwich pickled the fine delicious delicious perplexed pickle !
every perplexed perplexed perplexed president understood the pickled perplexed delicious pickled delicious pickled floor .
a sandwich understood a pickle .
every fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickled floor understood every delicious perplexed fine pickle .
a delicious chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
the floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff .
every fine pickled floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff !
a pickled fine perplexed floor ate a pickle !
the floor ate a president .
is it true that every sandwich understood a sandwich ?
every pickled floor understood every delicious president !
a fine pickled perplexed sandwich understood a floor !
every sandwich with a perplexed sandwich on every perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted a fine delicious perplexed fine sandwich !
the delicious president with every fine president ate every pickled pickled pickle with every fine perplexed president .
every perplexed chief of staff wanted every delicious perplexed fine delicious floor .
every pickled chief of staff kissed a delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed fine fine pickled sandwich pickled a fine perplexed fine fine floor .
every president wanted the sandwich .
the delicious pickle understood the fine delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff understood the pickle .
every pickled floor kissed a pickled chief of staff !
the pickled sandwich wanted every fine president !
the floor ate every delicious pickle .
the floor wanted the floor !
every pickle in a delicious pickle pickled a delicious pickle .
a floor with the pickle pickled a delicious delicious chief of staff .
every pickled chief of staff ate a fine delicious chief of staff .
a pickled pickled pickled delicious fine floor ate the floor .
a delicious fine president ate the fine chief of staff .
a perplexed sandwich kissed a fine floor .
a sandwich understood every pickled pickled perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff .
every pickled pickled pickled delicious sandwich pickled the delicious president !
every fine pickled pickle kissed a delicious floor !
is it true that every delicious pickle kissed every delicious pickle ?
every pickle in a president kissed the perplexed chief of staff !
the fine delicious delicious pickle pickled the perplexed president !
a delicious floor understood every chief of staff !
the perplexed delicious delicious floor pickled every fine sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
every floor in the pickled delicious floor pickled every president under the pickled pickled president .
the chief of staff ate the sandwich !
every president pickled every delicious perplexed pickle with a sandwich .
every delicious chief of staff ate a pickled fine pickle .
every floor pickled the pickled sandwich .
the delicious fine fine pickle pickled every pickled chief of staff .
a floor ate a perplexed president !
is it true that every delicious pickle understood the pickle on a fine fine president ?
a delicious fine delicious pickle pickled the pickle .
every floor wanted a chief of staff !
is it true that every pickled pickled sandwich ate the delicious pickle ?
the president pickled a pickled fine delicious sandwich .
a fine sandwich pickled the president .
every floor ate a chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
every delicious sandwich ate the pickled pickle .
a fine pickled pickle pickled the fine delicious sandwich .
the pickled floor understood every chief of staff !
a delicious perplexed pickle ate every fine pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed floor understood a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff !
a perplexed floor wanted a fine sandwich .
the perplexed delicious president with the pickled fine pickled floor with the delicious president understood every president .
a perplexed fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed pickle understood every fine delicious perplexed floor under the chief of staff .
the fine pickled perplexed fine fine fine floor ate every floor .
a pickle kissed the floor !
every pickled delicious pickled delicious pickle ate the fine president .
the pickle kissed a delicious pickle !
a delicious president ate the delicious floor .
every perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle .
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious fine delicious sandwich understood a president ?
a fine chief of staff pickled every president .
is it true that a delicious president with the president wanted the pickled floor ?
the delicious president pickled every perplexed perplexed president .
is it true that the delicious pickled perplexed pickle kissed a chief of staff ?
the floor understood every floor .
every delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff ate a floor .
the pickle wanted a fine perplexed perplexed fine fine president in every pickle !
the perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff under every pickled sandwich .
the fine president pickled every sandwich .
the fine fine perplexed floor understood every pickled fine pickled president !
a delicious sandwich with a president kissed the pickled pickle .
a fine chief of staff ate every floor .
every delicious president pickled a floor .
a pickle pickled every pickle .
a delicious fine sandwich wanted the floor under every president !
every floor ate a pickled floor !
the floor wanted every delicious fine fine pickled pickle in the president .
every fine pickled pickled chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
a delicious delicious chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
a sandwich ate a chief of staff !
every pickle ate a fine pickle .
the pickled fine president pickled a fine pickle .
a delicious delicious president wanted a delicious president .
every perplexed delicious pickle understood every perplexed delicious chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed the fine fine floor .
a fine delicious perplexed sandwich understood the pickled delicious perplexed sandwich .
every floor wanted every delicious perplexed delicious fine chief of staff under every sandwich with the fine floor !
is it true that a sandwich pickled the floor ?
the sandwich pickled every pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the fine pickled perplexed pickled fine president ?
a fine fine chief of staff pickled the pickle !
the delicious pickled fine fine president under a sandwich ate every fine pickled chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed a perplexed pickled sandwich .
the floor in every sandwich wanted every sandwich .
a pickled fine floor wanted every delicious sandwich .
the pickle pickled a delicious chief of staff with a pickle !
a sandwich ate the delicious floor .
the fine perplexed pickled floor under the sandwich pickled the pickle .
the pickled delicious pickled delicious floor kissed every pickled sandwich .
a pickled perplexed fine delicious pickled floor understood the pickled fine pickled sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich wanted the sandwich ?
the delicious chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
the chief of staff ate a fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president .
the perplexed pickled president pickled every pickle .
every delicious pickled pickled president wanted a delicious sandwich .
a pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the pickle !
a fine perplexed perplexed floor in the delicious perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed fine president on a perplexed chief of staff under a delicious pickled delicious perplexed delicious pickle wanted a perplexed president .
the delicious pickled pickled delicious delicious floor pickled every sandwich .
a floor understood the chief of staff .
the sandwich pickled every floor .
every perplexed chief of staff kissed the president .
the perplexed floor in a pickled sandwich kissed a fine delicious delicious pickle !
every delicious pickled chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
a floor in every delicious perplexed fine sandwich ate a delicious perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed pickled delicious president !
the sandwich understood the chief of staff .
the fine pickled fine pickled fine perplexed pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff .
every chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle .
every perplexed perplexed president kissed every delicious president !
every pickle pickled the pickled pickle .
every chief of staff ate a chief of staff .
a delicious perplexed sandwich pickled the delicious fine president !
every fine floor understood the floor !
every fine chief of staff wanted every pickled perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff understood every floor !
a chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed president !
the pickled pickled floor pickled every fine delicious pickled delicious perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickled president .
every president ate every pickle .
the delicious sandwich ate every pickle !
a pickled fine chief of staff ate every sandwich .
a floor understood every fine sandwich in the pickled sandwich .
a fine floor pickled every pickled floor .
a pickled floor ate every perplexed delicious fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that every floor ate the floor on a pickled pickle ?
a sandwich ate the fine delicious pickled president .
the perplexed pickle understood every floor !
is it true that the delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff kissed the pickle ?
is it true that the pickle wanted a pickled sandwich ?
a floor kissed a pickled delicious floor !
every fine perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
the floor understood the sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted the fine pickled delicious fine perplexed pickle .
a perplexed chief of staff understood a fine sandwich .
every chief of staff pickled every pickle .
the delicious perplexed perplexed delicious pickled president pickled every floor with every pickled perplexed delicious fine pickle !
every perplexed president ate a chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle kissed the chief of staff ?
every floor understood every perplexed pickle !
the chief of staff wanted a floor .
the perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a pickle .
the perplexed fine chief of staff understood a chief of staff .
the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious pickled pickled floor .
the sandwich wanted a pickled fine sandwich .
the delicious pickle understood a floor !
a pickle with a pickle kissed the pickled pickled pickle .
a floor pickled the delicious perplexed chief of staff in the pickled pickled delicious pickle .
every perplexed president wanted the chief of staff .
is it true that a fine perplexed floor wanted every president ?
is it true that the pickle in a chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ?
the fine pickled pickled perplexed fine fine delicious fine president pickled a fine pickled pickled fine sandwich !
the perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff !
is it true that the sandwich wanted a pickled president on the pickle ?
a perplexed fine floor pickled every chief of staff .
a pickle kissed every fine perplexed pickled fine sandwich .
a sandwich in every delicious president pickled every pickle .
a chief of staff pickled every president .
the fine president ate the fine perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich understood every perplexed floor ?
a chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff .
the pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate every fine delicious pickle .
is it true that a perplexed pickle understood a president ?
a fine perplexed pickled pickled delicious president ate a floor .
every president kissed a fine sandwich !
the pickle with the sandwich wanted the pickled pickled perplexed fine pickle .
is it true that a floor kissed every pickled fine president ?
is it true that the pickled pickle wanted a perplexed fine perplexed pickle ?
every pickled pickled chief of staff kissed a pickled delicious sandwich !
the pickle ate every delicious fine sandwich .
the perplexed floor with every floor pickled every president !
is it true that the perplexed president understood every perplexed president ?
every fine perplexed fine floor wanted every chief of staff !
every perplexed pickle understood a sandwich !
a fine president with the pickled floor ate every delicious delicious pickle .
a pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff !
every floor pickled every fine floor !
every pickled pickle kissed every chief of staff .
a floor wanted the delicious delicious fine pickle !
a pickle ate the pickle with every chief of staff !
the fine chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
the president in the floor understood every chief of staff .
the perplexed sandwich understood the floor .
a chief of staff ate a floor !
the chief of staff kissed every pickled delicious pickled pickled sandwich !
the pickle wanted a pickled perplexed fine president .
every floor ate the delicious delicious delicious president !
every fine sandwich in the perplexed fine fine pickle pickled every sandwich !
a delicious sandwich ate every pickle !
a delicious sandwich in the president with the delicious floor ate the pickled perplexed president in a sandwich with every perplexed perplexed floor .
every chief of staff kissed a fine floor .
is it true that every fine pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickled fine perplexed pickled delicious delicious president ?
every sandwich wanted every fine fine pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the fine pickled pickle kissed every sandwich ?
a fine delicious chief of staff ate every sandwich .
the delicious delicious sandwich pickled a pickle .
the sandwich wanted the pickle .
a pickled pickle wanted a delicious president !
a fine president pickled every perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled fine floor on every chief of staff under the floor kissed the floor .
every pickle understood every fine president .
is it true that a president kissed the pickle ?
every pickled delicious president wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled president ate a fine delicious pickle !
the president wanted the president .
the chief of staff understood the pickle !
the delicious fine sandwich ate a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious floor .
a perplexed president ate a delicious pickled chief of staff .
a pickle ate the floor .
the perplexed sandwich understood a president .
every fine delicious pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickle wanted every pickled perplexed pickle under every chief of staff in a perplexed fine pickled pickle .
a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich kissed every perplexed floor .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed president ?
is it true that every fine floor wanted every fine floor ?
a fine perplexed sandwich wanted a president .
a sandwich wanted every delicious fine floor in every delicious sandwich with every sandwich .
a pickle wanted the sandwich !
the pickled sandwich wanted every chief of staff .
the pickled fine president kissed every fine delicious chief of staff .
a floor understood a chief of staff .
a chief of staff with every fine perplexed pickle wanted the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor .
every perplexed sandwich understood a delicious perplexed pickled pickled pickle .
a chief of staff ate the delicious fine fine fine president with the chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious president in a pickled delicious delicious pickled pickled perplexed sandwich pickled the chief of staff .
a pickle ate a perplexed delicious chief of staff !
every chief of staff with a perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a president !
the pickle ate a president .
a sandwich wanted the pickled fine pickle .
the perplexed pickled fine chief of staff wanted a pickle .
every perplexed chief of staff kissed every delicious chief of staff !
a fine floor ate a president !
a perplexed pickled fine chief of staff ate every perplexed fine delicious fine floor !
every pickle understood every perplexed pickled floor .
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the floor ?
the fine delicious president pickled the perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled every sandwich !
every pickled pickle kissed every perplexed pickle .
the president in a chief of staff kissed every delicious sandwich !
every sandwich understood every fine president under the fine chief of staff in a pickled pickled sandwich !
every pickled perplexed president ate the floor .
every pickled chief of staff ate a fine perplexed floor .
a pickled delicious fine president wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed pickled chief of staff ate a fine pickled president ?
a floor pickled the floor with every fine fine president .
a floor pickled a floor .
a floor kissed a fine pickled delicious delicious sandwich .
is it true that the floor ate the sandwich ?
is it true that a floor pickled the pickled pickled perplexed perplexed floor ?
the president pickled every fine sandwich .
every floor kissed every president .
is it true that a sandwich pickled a pickled perplexed chief of staff in a pickled pickled sandwich ?
a perplexed president wanted a fine chief of staff .
every fine pickled pickle understood the perplexed president .
a delicious pickle wanted a pickle .
every chief of staff understood a pickle under the chief of staff !
a sandwich understood the pickled floor under a floor with a sandwich .
every floor understood every fine pickled president .
a pickled pickle under every floor with every president ate a pickled perplexed sandwich .
a floor ate the floor .
the delicious sandwich ate every president .
every sandwich in every floor kissed the sandwich !
the pickle in every perplexed fine pickled fine sandwich on a president on every pickled fine perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff pickled every president !
a pickle pickled every delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a floor kissed every pickled fine sandwich ?
the chief of staff pickled the floor !
a pickled chief of staff wanted every pickled president .
the delicious sandwich with the delicious fine pickled pickled chief of staff on the perplexed sandwich ate the fine fine pickle .
the pickle understood the fine pickle .
the fine floor kissed a chief of staff !
the perplexed fine pickled pickle kissed a pickle .
the pickle pickled a chief of staff .
every floor ate a sandwich .
every perplexed pickled president kissed every pickled pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a sandwich pickled the president ?
every floor ate every pickle .
every floor pickled a chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff kissed the floor .
the pickled floor kissed every perplexed chief of staff .
every delicious pickle ate every delicious pickle .
a chief of staff ate a perplexed floor !
the fine pickled delicious delicious fine delicious fine pickled chief of staff ate every pickled sandwich with the chief of staff .
a chief of staff ate a fine perplexed fine perplexed floor with the fine president !
a pickled president wanted the fine president .
is it true that every president wanted every delicious pickle ?
the delicious pickled pickled pickled sandwich with a fine floor under every delicious sandwich ate the pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff with the pickle .
every sandwich understood every floor under the president .
every floor ate every chief of staff !
the fine pickled floor ate every perplexed pickle .
the fine president ate every fine fine sandwich .
is it true that a president kissed the president under the chief of staff ?
a delicious sandwich kissed the sandwich .
every pickle kissed every delicious delicious perplexed floor !
a delicious pickle pickled every pickled president .
every floor kissed every delicious delicious pickle .
the floor wanted every sandwich !
a floor pickled a pickled sandwich .
the sandwich ate every pickled fine pickled pickle .
a perplexed president understood a perplexed president .
a pickled pickle understood every perplexed perplexed floor .
every fine perplexed president with a delicious pickled pickle understood a president .
the floor kissed the president .
every pickle wanted the floor .
the chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff !
every perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
a delicious delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle .
the fine sandwich understood every floor .
the pickled floor kissed every sandwich !
every fine pickled fine pickled president kissed the president .
is it true that the fine pickled chief of staff understood the delicious perplexed pickle ?
every perplexed perplexed pickle under every delicious perplexed floor wanted the president .
the sandwich pickled a president .
every delicious chief of staff pickled every fine fine pickled sandwich .
the perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the pickled perplexed sandwich .
every perplexed pickled sandwich pickled every president .
is it true that the perplexed fine perplexed sandwich understood a president ?
a sandwich kissed a delicious floor .
every sandwich ate the floor .
the floor wanted the perplexed delicious chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood a president .
a delicious chief of staff ate every floor .
every pickle understood the delicious chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff with a perplexed president under every floor on a pickled president kissed the sandwich .
every pickled pickle ate every fine sandwich .
every pickle with the pickled chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious perplexed pickle .
a floor with every fine fine perplexed sandwich ate a fine chief of staff .
every pickled perplexed pickled president in the delicious floor with a delicious pickle kissed every chief of staff !
a floor kissed every chief of staff !
the delicious floor wanted a president !
is it true that the perplexed delicious pickled president pickled a president ?
is it true that the chief of staff on every pickle understood the president ?
the pickled president pickled a chief of staff .
a pickled chief of staff pickled the pickle under a fine president .
a fine delicious president pickled the sandwich !
a floor ate every pickled perplexed floor !
is it true that every pickled floor ate a perplexed delicious floor ?
every sandwich wanted the perplexed chief of staff !
the president ate a pickle .
every pickled perplexed president pickled the president .
the pickled perplexed sandwich understood every fine president !
a pickled fine fine pickle pickled the perplexed fine pickle .
the floor kissed a pickled perplexed pickled pickled pickled pickle .
a pickle wanted a pickled sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed president pickled every pickled fine perplexed floor with a fine pickled chief of staff ?
the pickled floor wanted the sandwich .
a perplexed pickled delicious floor pickled every pickled pickled floor .
is it true that a sandwich understood every pickle ?
every fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickled president pickled a floor under the perplexed pickled sandwich !
the floor pickled every floor with the fine chief of staff !
the sandwich understood a president .
every fine pickled delicious floor understood a perplexed pickled pickled fine pickle .
is it true that a fine chief of staff kissed every pickle ?
every perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed sandwich .
a fine delicious sandwich ate every sandwich !
is it true that the pickled president ate a fine fine pickle ?
the pickled president kissed every pickle !
a pickled fine chief of staff wanted a floor .
the delicious pickle wanted every president .
the president wanted the pickle .
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor kissed the delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
a floor understood a pickle .
every pickle with the delicious pickled pickle with the perplexed pickled delicious president under a delicious pickle pickled every perplexed chief of staff under a pickled president .
every fine perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every president !
the fine perplexed floor wanted a delicious chief of staff !
is it true that the perplexed pickle pickled a president with a perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that the fine floor pickled a delicious president ?
every fine perplexed pickle kissed every pickle !
the pickled perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ate a president .
every floor ate the delicious delicious perplexed delicious president .
a pickle understood every delicious pickle .
a perplexed president on the pickle kissed a fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
every fine perplexed pickle understood the sandwich .
every pickle pickled the floor .
is it true that a floor kissed every president ?
the president ate every fine president !
the perplexed floor pickled every chief of staff !
a pickle understood every sandwich !
a pickled perplexed delicious president kissed a chief of staff .
the fine floor wanted every chief of staff !
a president wanted every delicious delicious fine pickled delicious fine perplexed fine fine delicious fine perplexed perplexed fine perplexed floor .
every floor ate the chief of staff !
a fine pickle ate every president in the chief of staff .
the pickled pickled delicious fine sandwich pickled every president .
a perplexed delicious chief of staff understood the fine fine pickle .
the pickle understood a pickle .
a pickled sandwich on the pickled delicious fine pickle wanted the floor !
is it true that a president ate every floor ?
a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich in the pickled fine perplexed floor wanted a pickle .
every chief of staff under a fine president kissed a sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich pickled a president .
a perplexed chief of staff understood a chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich with the sandwich pickled a pickle ?
a president understood a chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed the pickled pickle !
the sandwich wanted every fine sandwich !
is it true that every pickled pickle wanted the perplexed president ?
is it true that the sandwich understood every floor ?
a perplexed pickle wanted the sandwich .
a pickle kissed every perplexed chief of staff .
the floor kissed the pickled pickle !
the president kissed a delicious perplexed delicious fine perplexed sandwich .
is it true that the pickled pickle wanted every fine delicious perplexed pickled floor ?
the pickled pickle kissed the president !
every delicious chief of staff kissed a floor !
the president kissed a fine sandwich .
the pickled pickle ate a president !
the pickled president kissed a fine sandwich .
is it true that the fine perplexed president pickled every sandwich ?
a perplexed pickle ate the delicious president .
the pickled fine president pickled every sandwich .
is it true that every fine fine president wanted a perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
a president wanted a sandwich .
the chief of staff understood every pickled pickled chief of staff .
the pickled chief of staff ate a pickled chief of staff !
a pickle pickled every floor !
a pickled floor understood a perplexed president .
every fine perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed pickle !
every president wanted every floor .
every pickled fine pickled fine chief of staff wanted every fine pickle .
every perplexed chief of staff understood a floor under a fine fine chief of staff in the floor on every president !
a president understood the fine pickled chief of staff !
a pickled fine chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious chief of staff !
the chief of staff understood a pickled chief of staff !
a pickled chief of staff understood a pickle !
every pickled perplexed perplexed president wanted the president !
is it true that the chief of staff wanted every president ?
every delicious pickled fine fine sandwich ate a fine floor .
the pickled sandwich wanted a pickle !
every floor pickled a president .
a delicious president understood the fine perplexed chief of staff !
a floor understood a pickled pickle .
the pickle kissed a floor .
a president ate a sandwich !
the sandwich pickled a floor !
the pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle .
is it true that the pickle kissed a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed fine sandwich ?
the pickle wanted the delicious pickle !
every perplexed chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
every perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed every floor !
is it true that every fine chief of staff ate the delicious fine pickle ?
is it true that every floor pickled every chief of staff ?
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
every perplexed pickled pickled sandwich wanted a perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the floor kissed the floor .
is it true that a president kissed every fine president ?
is it true that the sandwich understood a floor ?
is it true that a fine president wanted a delicious fine floor ?
a perplexed sandwich kissed every pickle .
a president understood the president !
a floor kissed every floor .
a pickle kissed every delicious pickled pickle !
is it true that the president kissed a perplexed floor ?
a president on every pickled sandwich wanted the delicious delicious pickled perplexed sandwich .
the delicious president kissed the floor .
a president pickled a perplexed chief of staff !
a floor kissed a perplexed pickled chief of staff .
every pickled fine pickled perplexed floor wanted the sandwich !
the perplexed pickled president understood every pickle .
every sandwich ate a pickled pickled delicious perplexed perplexed president in a delicious delicious fine delicious chief of staff !
every president kissed a chief of staff !
the chief of staff ate the pickle .
a sandwich on the chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich .
a sandwich kissed a fine perplexed pickle .
a perplexed fine pickled chief of staff kissed every pickle .
is it true that a president understood the pickle ?
the president kissed the perplexed delicious delicious fine sandwich !
a pickle ate a delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious floor understood the sandwich .
the president wanted a pickle !
every chief of staff understood every floor .
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich !
the pickled president ate every floor !
is it true that every fine perplexed delicious president wanted the chief of staff ?
every perplexed floor kissed a fine delicious sandwich .
every floor ate every president .
is it true that every pickled delicious pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff with the floor ate the pickled delicious perplexed president ?
every president kissed a pickle .
every floor on the pickle wanted every president !
is it true that the pickled perplexed pickle under a fine floor wanted a sandwich ?
a sandwich kissed the pickle .
the president under every fine delicious fine delicious pickled pickled floor pickled the pickle !
the fine pickled pickled pickled delicious president understood every floor !
the sandwich ate every floor !
a president pickled a perplexed delicious chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled chief of staff understood a perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that every fine delicious chief of staff on a chief of staff ate a pickled fine pickled perplexed fine sandwich ?
the fine perplexed president pickled the delicious perplexed delicious pickled fine pickle !
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
the fine pickle understood every pickled president .
every floor kissed the pickle .
the fine perplexed president with a pickled president pickled every sandwich .
is it true that a fine floor understood the chief of staff ?
the perplexed pickle kissed a sandwich .
every sandwich understood the pickled president .
is it true that every perplexed sandwich wanted the fine perplexed delicious pickle ?
every fine floor understood the perplexed pickled president .
the delicious chief of staff pickled the pickled sandwich .
a floor understood a delicious pickle .
a president ate the chief of staff .
a pickle pickled the pickle .
the floor pickled a president on the pickle with the pickled chief of staff .
is it true that the pickled president kissed every delicious perplexed sandwich ?
every pickle wanted a floor .
the perplexed fine perplexed sandwich kissed the delicious floor !
the floor wanted the fine chief of staff .
a pickled pickled chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff .
every president pickled the perplexed delicious floor .
every delicious fine chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich .
every chief of staff ate every pickled sandwich .
the pickled pickle ate the fine delicious president .
every delicious pickled fine pickled president ate the pickle .
is it true that every president understood a pickle ?
a fine president understood every pickle with a delicious chief of staff !
a fine pickle understood the floor .
the pickled president kissed a pickled pickle .
the perplexed floor pickled every floor .
a delicious pickled sandwich ate the delicious fine floor !
a perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate every floor on every delicious floor !
a chief of staff in a pickle kissed every fine delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed president understood the chief of staff .
is it true that every floor understood a floor ?
the floor kissed the perplexed pickled president .
every perplexed president wanted every fine chief of staff on the perplexed pickle with the perplexed floor !
the chief of staff ate the fine president .
is it true that a fine chief of staff ate every floor ?
the fine delicious pickled pickle kissed a pickle .
the chief of staff ate the floor !
a chief of staff understood a pickle !
a delicious sandwich ate the president !
the floor kissed a chief of staff .
the pickled pickle ate a perplexed pickled sandwich in a fine pickled president .
a pickle ate every pickled delicious chief of staff .
a pickle kissed a chief of staff .
a sandwich on every fine perplexed perplexed fine president pickled every fine perplexed sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed every floor .
a fine president ate every pickle .
a delicious fine fine president kissed every pickle .
every president pickled every chief of staff .
a pickled fine perplexed delicious delicious floor kissed a president .
is it true that a floor ate a sandwich ?
a perplexed fine perplexed pickled sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor !
the fine pickled fine perplexed fine pickle wanted a perplexed pickle .
the president understood a president .
a pickle wanted a floor .
every delicious pickled sandwich with every floor understood the president !
a floor with a president ate the delicious pickled chief of staff !
every president on every sandwich kissed a delicious delicious pickled pickle .
the delicious floor pickled a president .
a fine delicious delicious pickle understood a perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
every pickled chief of staff kissed a pickled floor .
a sandwich understood every pickle .
the pickle understood a perplexed delicious pickled floor !
the sandwich understood a fine delicious floor !
a sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
the fine delicious chief of staff wanted a floor !
the pickled pickled pickled fine perplexed floor kissed every president in a pickled delicious president .
every perplexed sandwich wanted every president !
every president pickled the perplexed chief of staff !
every sandwich wanted every pickled chief of staff !
a sandwich ate every fine perplexed delicious fine pickle .
the floor understood every pickled chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed every pickled president .
the sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
a pickled chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
the delicious delicious pickle ate every pickled pickled perplexed president !
is it true that a president wanted the fine pickled floor ?
the delicious perplexed floor understood a fine fine pickled chief of staff .
every delicious fine chief of staff understood a pickled perplexed pickle !
every perplexed president ate every pickle .
every president pickled every president !
the fine pickle pickled the pickled floor .
is it true that a perplexed perplexed pickle understood a fine president ?
every sandwich pickled a sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
the delicious floor understood the pickle .
the pickle ate every pickled sandwich !
the delicious chief of staff ate a sandwich .
the pickle wanted the sandwich on a pickled floor .
a pickled floor ate every chief of staff !
every pickle understood the perplexed pickle .
is it true that a chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed pickled delicious perplexed delicious perplexed pickle ?
the president pickled the fine perplexed pickle .
the sandwich pickled a delicious perplexed pickled floor !
a pickle pickled the perplexed perplexed president .
every fine delicious sandwich understood the chief of staff .
the perplexed chief of staff pickled a pickled perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled president kissed a president !
a floor kissed a sandwich .
the perplexed fine perplexed pickled delicious pickled sandwich understood every pickle .
the president in every pickled sandwich kissed a pickle .
a fine pickled sandwich pickled the floor .
a perplexed pickle wanted the pickled sandwich .
is it true that every pickled pickle wanted every delicious perplexed perplexed delicious delicious delicious sandwich ?
the pickled fine sandwich kissed the president .
a pickled pickle ate a sandwich .
is it true that the floor wanted a pickle ?
the sandwich ate every delicious pickle !
every floor in every perplexed delicious sandwich pickled the perplexed delicious president !
the pickled floor understood a sandwich .
a pickled delicious fine fine president under the president with a delicious sandwich pickled a perplexed floor !
every chief of staff on the perplexed pickled sandwich pickled every sandwich .
every perplexed fine president ate every president in a sandwich .
every delicious fine sandwich ate every president .
a president kissed every pickled perplexed president !
the floor pickled a chief of staff !
the sandwich ate the pickle !
every chief of staff pickled a pickle !
the pickled floor pickled every pickled fine fine pickle .
a delicious sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle !
a delicious delicious fine pickled sandwich in a pickled chief of staff in the chief of staff understood every perplexed president .
a chief of staff wanted every pickled sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed a president .
is it true that the delicious perplexed fine perplexed floor pickled a perplexed fine pickle ?
is it true that every delicious president wanted every delicious perplexed delicious pickle ?
is it true that a perplexed president kissed the pickled president ?
the pickle understood every sandwich .
every pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled a chief of staff .
a delicious delicious fine pickled pickled chief of staff kissed a president .
every floor ate the president .
a president pickled a pickle .
every delicious floor pickled a fine fine floor !
the fine fine pickle understood a sandwich .
every sandwich understood the fine perplexed floor !
a pickle understood every floor !
every sandwich pickled the perplexed fine president .
the delicious floor kissed a perplexed fine floor .
the delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a pickled delicious floor !
the pickle ate the pickle .
the delicious sandwich on a perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a sandwich .
every pickled president pickled a fine chief of staff .
every pickle ate a perplexed floor .
a fine president wanted the fine pickle .
every perplexed floor pickled every fine floor on the delicious chief of staff !
the delicious pickle pickled a fine pickled sandwich with a perplexed pickled perplexed delicious delicious delicious president on a delicious chief of staff !
the floor ate every president .
every delicious sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
the fine floor pickled the chief of staff !
a floor wanted a perplexed sandwich with the pickle !
a fine president ate the pickle !
every pickle ate a pickle !
the sandwich wanted every fine president .
a pickle wanted every chief of staff .
every floor wanted a delicious perplexed sandwich .
the president understood every pickled delicious sandwich .
a sandwich ate a sandwich !
every chief of staff pickled a floor .
every pickled pickled delicious fine delicious chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff in a pickled president ate every pickled fine delicious pickle ?
is it true that the chief of staff wanted a fine fine fine delicious chief of staff ?
a perplexed delicious perplexed president wanted every sandwich !
the pickle pickled a floor !
a delicious delicious floor with every president understood a fine fine fine sandwich .
is it true that every pickled floor pickled the president ?
the president kissed every chief of staff !
every pickled floor ate a pickle in every pickled delicious perplexed delicious pickle !
every delicious president kissed every floor .
every president ate every floor in a chief of staff .
every perplexed pickled sandwich kissed every delicious pickle .
a floor wanted every fine perplexed perplexed fine floor .
the fine delicious pickled delicious pickled floor kissed a delicious delicious pickled perplexed floor .
the president pickled a fine pickle .
the floor kissed every fine floor !
every chief of staff ate a sandwich in every fine fine president with every floor !
a perplexed floor understood the pickle .
every pickled perplexed sandwich wanted every fine president .
a chief of staff understood every fine president !
the pickle ate every sandwich .
a president on every pickled chief of staff ate the floor .
a pickle understood every pickled pickle .
the president wanted the floor .
every sandwich pickled a floor .
every pickled perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff kissed every pickled floor in every floor !
every floor pickled a fine pickle .
a pickle wanted a perplexed fine fine delicious president with the sandwich with the pickle .
is it true that a chief of staff in every perplexed sandwich understood a fine pickled floor ?
the delicious fine pickle kissed every pickled floor !
a president kissed the fine fine perplexed president !
is it true that the sandwich ate every floor ?
every delicious perplexed pickled floor ate the perplexed fine delicious pickled pickled delicious pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed sandwich kissed a fine sandwich under the delicious pickled chief of staff ?
every floor under every delicious floor kissed a chief of staff on the pickle .
the pickle understood a fine pickle .
every perplexed president ate every sandwich !
a sandwich kissed the fine floor on a sandwich !
every chief of staff on a fine pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff .
a president pickled every sandwich .
the pickled floor kissed a fine president in a sandwich .
the perplexed pickle understood the president .
the floor pickled every delicious sandwich .
is it true that the floor pickled every perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that the perplexed delicious perplexed president kissed a president in every perplexed fine delicious delicious president ?
every fine pickled chief of staff wanted a chief of staff in every sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed every sandwich !
the pickle ate the sandwich !
is it true that a president ate every pickled sandwich ?
the delicious delicious fine pickled delicious floor kissed every pickled floor !
is it true that the chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed perplexed president ?
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff !
every perplexed chief of staff ate a president .
the pickle understood the president !
the floor wanted every perplexed delicious perplexed fine president .
every pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed sandwich !
the perplexed floor wanted a pickled perplexed pickled perplexed floor .
the pickle wanted a delicious pickled perplexed fine fine pickle !
every sandwich understood a perplexed delicious fine floor .
every pickled president understood every president .
every president with every pickle ate every chief of staff !
the sandwich kissed a fine pickled pickled delicious chief of staff !
every chief of staff pickled the pickled pickle .
every fine floor pickled a delicious floor with a pickled floor .
the chief of staff wanted a fine sandwich !
is it true that the pickle pickled every president ?
every fine president ate the pickled pickle .
every pickle wanted the pickle .
the pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor pickled the pickled chief of staff !
every delicious floor wanted a sandwich .
a pickle wanted every sandwich .
every delicious fine pickled delicious pickled sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
the pickled pickle kissed a president .
the pickle wanted the sandwich .
every president kissed every delicious delicious pickle !
is it true that a fine sandwich ate a delicious delicious fine chief of staff ?
every fine chief of staff pickled a president !
a fine president wanted every fine president !
is it true that every delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious pickle kissed the perplexed perplexed president ?
every president pickled a perplexed perplexed pickle .
every pickle with a delicious pickle understood the pickled pickled fine pickle !
every fine pickled fine president wanted a delicious floor !
a delicious chief of staff ate a delicious perplexed chief of staff .
the fine floor understood the chief of staff under every pickle .
the sandwich understood every perplexed delicious president !
every perplexed pickle ate a sandwich .
every president wanted every delicious fine president .
the fine pickle understood the perplexed floor .
the sandwich understood a delicious fine fine president .
a floor wanted the pickled president .
a chief of staff with the pickled delicious chief of staff ate every delicious floor .
is it true that a pickle pickled every perplexed delicious floor ?
is it true that a president ate the delicious pickle ?
a perplexed pickled sandwich kissed a president .
every floor understood the perplexed pickled delicious fine sandwich .
every pickled perplexed pickle understood every fine president .
a floor kissed a sandwich !
the pickle pickled every pickle .
every pickled president wanted a floor !
is it true that every chief of staff ate the sandwich ?
every sandwich ate a fine delicious chief of staff .
the president kissed a sandwich !
the sandwich kissed a perplexed pickle !
is it true that the pickled fine president pickled a perplexed floor ?
a floor ate a fine floor !
every sandwich under the sandwich kissed every chief of staff !
every floor kissed the pickled president under a fine chief of staff !
a fine president pickled a fine delicious pickled delicious fine pickle !
is it true that the sandwich understood the pickled president ?
a perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed fine sandwich ate every chief of staff !
the delicious perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a delicious fine pickle !
the perplexed floor wanted a president .
a fine floor kissed every perplexed perplexed pickle !
a perplexed chief of staff pickled every delicious floor in a delicious pickle .
the delicious pickled chief of staff ate the fine sandwich .
the pickle pickled a perplexed delicious perplexed fine floor .
a perplexed pickled pickled fine sandwich ate the fine sandwich .
every floor understood a chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled fine president kissed a perplexed floor !
a delicious chief of staff pickled a floor .
every chief of staff ate the fine sandwich !
every chief of staff ate every floor .
every pickle pickled a chief of staff on every perplexed perplexed perplexed fine pickle !
is it true that the chief of staff understood the delicious floor ?
a delicious president understood the chief of staff !
a perplexed president kissed the president .
a floor kissed the pickled delicious pickle !
every delicious chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed delicious floor .
the fine pickled perplexed fine president pickled every sandwich .
every chief of staff pickled every delicious president .
the delicious fine president understood the delicious sandwich .
every sandwich pickled the pickled delicious fine floor !
every fine chief of staff on the delicious delicious floor ate the delicious president .
a pickled perplexed fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
the pickle understood a chief of staff !
the fine sandwich wanted every delicious fine sandwich .
every president kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle kissed a pickled perplexed floor ?
every sandwich kissed the floor .
every floor pickled every delicious pickled president .
the sandwich kissed every pickle !
the perplexed perplexed president kissed every sandwich !
every floor ate a pickle under every chief of staff .
every pickled pickled fine delicious delicious president understood every pickle .
every sandwich pickled the chief of staff .
every pickle under a perplexed president kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a president understood a fine delicious delicious floor .
the floor kissed the sandwich .
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff under every perplexed chief of staff .
every president kissed a pickled perplexed sandwich .
the sandwich wanted every fine pickled pickled pickled delicious floor .
every delicious perplexed pickle ate every sandwich !
is it true that the fine sandwich wanted the floor ?
every delicious floor kissed the floor .
every delicious floor kissed the pickle .
every sandwich pickled every delicious floor on a floor !
a perplexed fine delicious delicious delicious chief of staff pickled the floor .
the floor wanted the floor !
the chief of staff on every delicious perplexed perplexed fine pickled president kissed the fine president .
every president understood a pickled perplexed delicious fine delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed pickle under a pickled chief of staff understood every floor ?
the president pickled a fine pickled sandwich .
every delicious pickled pickle understood the sandwich .
every pickle understood a sandwich .
the chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickled delicious president .
the pickled delicious chief of staff kissed every floor .
every pickle kissed the perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickle .
every perplexed sandwich understood every floor in a pickle !
is it true that a perplexed pickle ate every floor ?
every perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich understood the president ?
every fine delicious pickled chief of staff ate a president .
the delicious chief of staff pickled a delicious delicious president on the fine president .
every pickle understood the sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed pickle ate every perplexed floor .
every sandwich understood every perplexed president .
is it true that a perplexed fine pickle understood every perplexed delicious perplexed president ?
every chief of staff understood a delicious perplexed president .
every floor pickled a pickled pickled floor .
every chief of staff kissed every chief of staff .
a fine pickled sandwich pickled the fine perplexed fine floor .
a perplexed fine fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
a floor kissed every pickle .
the perplexed president in the fine pickled fine chief of staff understood the pickled pickle !
is it true that the pickle ate every perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that the pickle ate the sandwich ?
a president understood every delicious floor .
every perplexed fine perplexed fine chief of staff pickled every chief of staff with a pickled perplexed pickled sandwich !
every perplexed floor wanted a floor .
every perplexed pickle kissed every fine president .
every fine pickled fine sandwich understood a floor .
a perplexed perplexed fine pickled pickled pickled floor understood the fine president on every perplexed fine fine pickle .
a pickled perplexed perplexed president understood the delicious fine delicious delicious sandwich .
every sandwich wanted the pickle .
a delicious pickle kissed every pickle !
the sandwich wanted the pickle .
every fine delicious president wanted a perplexed fine pickle .
every floor understood a chief of staff .
is it true that a fine delicious perplexed floor on the president ate a pickle ?
the floor ate the sandwich .
every sandwich pickled every perplexed sandwich .
the pickle ate the president on every delicious sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a delicious pickled fine pickled fine delicious delicious pickle ?
a delicious floor ate the sandwich .
every perplexed pickled perplexed president pickled the perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed fine floor ate every perplexed sandwich !
is it true that every delicious president ate the sandwich ?
the president kissed the president !
is it true that a sandwich kissed every sandwich ?
every president understood every pickle !
the fine chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
every floor wanted every perplexed delicious sandwich .
is it true that the fine president pickled the floor ?
is it true that the pickled fine pickle ate the pickle in every president ?
is it true that every pickled pickled chief of staff ate every pickled chief of staff on the sandwich ?
is it true that a fine delicious president kissed every sandwich ?
a delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted the perplexed pickle with the chief of staff .
the delicious chief of staff ate a floor under the fine floor !
every fine sandwich understood a sandwich !
the pickle wanted every delicious sandwich .
is it true that a delicious president pickled the pickle ?
every president under the delicious pickle pickled the president .
a fine pickled chief of staff ate a fine pickled pickled sandwich .
the president understood every floor .
every president wanted every sandwich !
a delicious delicious chief of staff ate the perplexed fine chief of staff in every pickle on every pickled delicious president !
every perplexed sandwich pickled a pickle .
the pickle understood every perplexed president .
every perplexed perplexed fine sandwich understood the sandwich .
a perplexed fine pickled fine pickle pickled the floor !
the pickled perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president understood the floor .
the floor kissed a chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed every pickled fine perplexed floor .
every perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
every delicious delicious floor ate a president .
the sandwich on the pickled president under every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
every perplexed fine floor ate every president .
the pickled pickled pickle kissed a president .
a president with every fine perplexed president kissed every fine floor in every perplexed pickle !
a president with a sandwich ate every delicious sandwich !
every perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed delicious president ate every sandwich .
the pickled president understood a perplexed sandwich .
a president with a sandwich understood every perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the fine perplexed president kissed every chief of staff ?
a delicious president ate the delicious sandwich !
the floor on every chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
the perplexed floor understood every floor !
a floor ate every pickled fine president .
a pickled floor with a delicious sandwich pickled the perplexed sandwich on every perplexed fine delicious pickled perplexed pickle !
is it true that a fine floor wanted every perplexed chief of staff with a pickled pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that the pickle on a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ?
the floor ate the floor .
is it true that the pickled fine delicious floor on the pickle pickled the delicious president ?
a pickled delicious perplexed pickle kissed every president !
a fine chief of staff in every delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich !
the fine delicious sandwich pickled a floor !
every delicious president kissed the floor .
every perplexed perplexed president ate every sandwich !
the floor pickled every fine delicious fine president .
the perplexed chief of staff under a sandwich under a pickled perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich .
the pickled delicious pickled delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a president .
every president kissed every sandwich !
a delicious fine pickle on the delicious chief of staff wanted the president !
the pickled delicious perplexed floor understood the delicious delicious pickle with the sandwich !
a delicious sandwich wanted a perplexed president .
a fine sandwich ate every floor !
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the fine pickled fine pickle ?
the chief of staff with the chief of staff in every perplexed delicious pickle pickled the chief of staff .
the perplexed perplexed fine floor understood every pickled delicious delicious floor .
a fine chief of staff with the president wanted the delicious president .
every pickle wanted the perplexed sandwich !
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ?
every pickled chief of staff understood the chief of staff in a sandwich !
the perplexed delicious president understood every chief of staff on the sandwich !
every floor pickled the president in a perplexed delicious pickled pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
the floor wanted the sandwich .
the perplexed pickle pickled every pickled pickle .
is it true that a perplexed delicious sandwich pickled a sandwich ?
a fine delicious president pickled a pickle !
every pickled pickled delicious president wanted every pickle .
the perplexed pickled president kissed every delicious delicious floor .
the perplexed floor kissed every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
the perplexed fine delicious perplexed pickled pickled pickled delicious perplexed delicious pickle in a fine pickle wanted every chief of staff .
the pickled pickled pickled president wanted the fine chief of staff .
every delicious pickle pickled the floor .
every sandwich wanted every delicious president under the fine perplexed sandwich .
the pickle wanted the delicious floor .
a pickled chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled fine fine delicious chief of staff ate a fine perplexed pickled delicious perplexed fine fine sandwich with every president under a sandwich on every delicious president .
every president kissed every delicious delicious chief of staff !
the pickled president ate the fine pickle .
every sandwich ate every pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a floor pickled the floor in a president ?
a chief of staff pickled the delicious fine fine pickle !
the pickle ate every sandwich on the fine pickled chief of staff .
the president wanted every chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the delicious sandwich .
the floor understood every pickle .
the floor understood a delicious pickle !
every perplexed floor kissed the pickled pickle !
the floor ate a pickle .
a perplexed pickle ate every fine floor .
is it true that a president kissed a chief of staff ?
is it true that every perplexed delicious delicious delicious fine floor ate the delicious chief of staff ?
the pickled fine chief of staff understood every chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich understood every president .
a fine pickle understood every fine pickle in the chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich pickled a floor ?
a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle wanted every delicious floor .
a sandwich understood the chief of staff !
a chief of staff ate the pickle .
every pickled president wanted a floor .
a perplexed floor ate a fine pickled delicious floor !
every delicious pickled president pickled a floor .
a chief of staff ate the fine floor .
is it true that every pickle kissed the delicious fine pickle ?
a pickle pickled a pickled floor .
every delicious chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
every pickled sandwich understood every president .
every perplexed delicious fine delicious delicious perplexed pickle ate a delicious president .
a pickle wanted a fine fine fine president .
is it true that every fine fine floor ate the floor ?
is it true that the pickle pickled a sandwich ?
every sandwich understood a perplexed floor .
the floor kissed every floor .
the delicious sandwich ate the delicious perplexed pickled delicious fine delicious president .
every fine chief of staff ate every pickled perplexed sandwich with every floor on the floor under every pickled floor .
the fine chief of staff understood a delicious fine president .
every floor pickled a floor .
a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled a pickle .
the floor ate the delicious delicious sandwich !
is it true that a fine pickle pickled a pickle ?
is it true that the pickled president wanted the perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ?
a delicious pickled president pickled the president .
a floor kissed a president .
every sandwich kissed the sandwich !
a sandwich under every pickle wanted a chief of staff .
every pickled president pickled the sandwich .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed floor pickled a fine fine chief of staff .
the sandwich understood the chief of staff .
every fine delicious delicious sandwich understood every fine sandwich under a pickled chief of staff !
every pickled pickle wanted a fine president .
every pickled sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich .
is it true that the president pickled a pickle ?
a pickled president kissed every perplexed floor in the floor .
is it true that a perplexed pickle kissed a pickled sandwich ?
is it true that every president understood the sandwich ?
is it true that the pickled floor kissed a delicious fine delicious delicious president ?
every delicious president understood a pickled fine perplexed president .
every floor pickled a sandwich .
every pickle ate a fine floor .
the chief of staff pickled every fine pickle .
every fine fine chief of staff ate every pickled delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff .
the sandwich understood every fine pickled president !
the floor ate the fine pickle in every pickled delicious chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled fine pickled fine perplexed floor wanted every perplexed pickled chief of staff .
the floor ate every floor !
is it true that the president ate the pickle ?
is it true that every perplexed pickled fine fine pickled president kissed the perplexed pickle ?
a president under the chief of staff ate every sandwich .
every pickled sandwich wanted a fine chief of staff .
is it true that every floor pickled a delicious delicious pickle ?
every pickled perplexed perplexed pickle ate every pickle .
a sandwich under a floor in the fine fine sandwich wanted every sandwich !
every pickled chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
a perplexed president kissed every floor !
the president on every sandwich pickled the pickled pickled delicious pickled chief of staff !
every fine perplexed fine pickle ate a fine president .
the pickle kissed the perplexed delicious delicious delicious president .
the chief of staff pickled the sandwich !
a chief of staff kissed every pickled pickle !
every president pickled a fine pickled perplexed floor under a delicious fine sandwich under the pickle .
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ?
a fine pickled sandwich kissed every sandwich .
a pickle ate the fine pickle .
the president under a chief of staff in the chief of staff ate every delicious floor !
every perplexed sandwich understood a delicious pickle .
a floor understood a chief of staff !
a fine chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
a president ate the pickle !
every fine perplexed president understood a president .
is it true that a perplexed sandwich understood every fine fine sandwich ?
a sandwich understood every chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious delicious pickle understood the sandwich .
a pickle kissed a pickle .
the delicious fine sandwich wanted a sandwich .
is it true that every floor wanted the perplexed pickle ?
a chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickled president !
the pickled floor ate the pickled president .
the pickle on the president pickled the chief of staff !
a fine perplexed floor wanted the floor !
is it true that the fine president kissed every pickle ?
the perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich pickled every fine sandwich .
a fine pickled president understood a chief of staff .
every perplexed floor understood the floor .
is it true that a fine sandwich ate every chief of staff ?
the fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
the floor pickled every fine delicious pickled perplexed delicious floor !
a perplexed fine perplexed delicious floor wanted a pickled delicious perplexed president .
a perplexed pickle kissed the fine fine chief of staff !
a fine president ate the pickle under every floor with a delicious fine fine chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff wanted every delicious sandwich .
a president ate the floor .
a delicious pickle with every chief of staff ate a chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ?
a sandwich kissed a delicious pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed president !
every president pickled a floor .
every floor wanted every fine pickle .
is it true that a perplexed perplexed pickled pickled fine president kissed every delicious floor ?
a pickle ate every chief of staff on every sandwich !
a fine perplexed chief of staff understood the floor !
the pickled pickle understood the floor .
a pickled fine president pickled the president .
every delicious sandwich wanted the delicious floor under the fine pickle !
every pickled chief of staff pickled every president !
every fine pickled pickle ate every pickle !
a perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted a fine pickle !
every chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious floor .
a delicious chief of staff on every delicious floor wanted the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich !
the pickled delicious chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
every perplexed pickle pickled a perplexed floor .
the president kissed the chief of staff !
the pickle ate the floor .
is it true that the pickled fine sandwich understood a floor ?
is it true that every president ate a perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ?
a perplexed pickle understood a delicious perplexed pickle .
every floor ate the delicious pickle !
every floor understood every fine floor with every pickled delicious fine perplexed president !
every chief of staff understood the perplexed pickled president .
every president kissed a sandwich .
is it true that the fine pickled fine pickled delicious chief of staff pickled the sandwich ?
is it true that every fine perplexed sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed president ?
is it true that a president ate the fine president ?
the fine sandwich wanted a pickled fine delicious pickled delicious pickled delicious pickled sandwich .
the president understood the floor .
the chief of staff wanted a fine pickle under the fine sandwich !
every perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich .
is it true that every fine delicious president kissed every pickle ?
a sandwich ate the perplexed perplexed fine floor .
the floor kissed a chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff ate a pickle ?
a president understood the president .
every perplexed delicious chief of staff under a sandwich wanted every perplexed president !
the floor kissed the pickle !
every pickled president ate the chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled president kissed the floor !
a president wanted a floor .
a delicious president wanted every fine president .
a floor understood the sandwich .
the perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickle .
is it true that a pickle wanted the delicious pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that a fine delicious fine perplexed chief of staff pickled a delicious delicious president ?
a delicious pickle kissed a fine fine pickle !
the perplexed delicious floor understood every chief of staff !
every pickle ate the perplexed fine floor .
is it true that every perplexed perplexed delicious delicious president pickled the floor in every delicious pickled floor ?
a floor kissed a chief of staff !
every perplexed president pickled the delicious fine fine president .
the perplexed pickle pickled a fine president !
a floor understood every president .
is it true that every chief of staff ate the pickle ?
every fine fine president kissed the delicious delicious fine president !
a floor ate every delicious chief of staff in every president .
the sandwich understood every pickled sandwich .
a delicious president kissed the perplexed president .
the perplexed delicious delicious fine delicious delicious pickled pickled president understood every pickle on the perplexed sandwich !
every delicious president with every delicious fine fine president kissed the president .
the fine president pickled every floor .
a delicious president wanted a pickled pickle !
is it true that the president kissed a pickle ?
the sandwich kissed the delicious president .
the pickle wanted a fine fine floor .
every perplexed fine president with every sandwich understood a president !
the perplexed floor ate every pickle !
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickled pickled president ate the delicious chief of staff !
the chief of staff wanted every president .
every president under a perplexed pickled pickled pickled sandwich wanted the delicious chief of staff !
is it true that every pickled president kissed a president ?
the sandwich pickled a pickle .
a fine floor under the president pickled a delicious pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickle .
every pickled sandwich kissed the pickled floor !
every president ate every perplexed fine pickled chief of staff .
is it true that the pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff ?
a fine pickled pickled delicious pickled pickled fine president ate the pickled chief of staff with a sandwich .
every delicious pickled delicious fine chief of staff kissed a fine floor !
the delicious delicious perplexed perplexed floor understood every sandwich .
a sandwich understood the delicious fine pickle .
the pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff kissed every floor !
the president ate the delicious pickled sandwich .
a pickle kissed every president .
the floor wanted the sandwich !
the pickle kissed the chief of staff .
every floor in every fine pickled delicious fine president ate every pickled pickle .
a sandwich wanted the perplexed pickled floor !
the delicious fine pickle under a floor ate a floor .
every delicious fine president under the delicious delicious fine president understood a fine pickled floor .
a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff .
the pickle ate every sandwich !
every pickled floor wanted the floor .
the pickle wanted the sandwich .
every floor wanted a sandwich .
every delicious chief of staff ate a pickle .
every pickled president pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that a pickle ate the fine sandwich ?
the pickle kissed every pickled fine perplexed pickle .
is it true that a floor ate the pickle ?
is it true that every sandwich wanted every fine delicious pickle ?
every pickled pickled delicious pickled president understood a fine perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich !
the fine pickled fine pickle understood every fine sandwich .
the chief of staff ate the delicious pickled perplexed delicious fine chief of staff !
a president wanted a pickled chief of staff !
a floor pickled the delicious pickle .
a fine chief of staff wanted every fine sandwich !
a sandwich ate the chief of staff .
every perplexed president on a delicious fine pickle on every pickle ate every sandwich !
every perplexed sandwich pickled the pickle .
a floor pickled a president .
the floor under every chief of staff pickled the floor .
a pickle kissed a pickled fine pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed perplexed president pickled a floor .
the perplexed pickled fine delicious pickled sandwich ate every sandwich .
a delicious fine pickled pickle under every president understood the delicious president !
the pickled pickled floor pickled the perplexed president .
every perplexed perplexed pickled fine floor kissed every perplexed president .
every pickle pickled the president !
every floor pickled a fine perplexed fine president .
a president understood a pickled fine chief of staff .
every pickled fine chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
every pickle ate the floor .
a delicious perplexed fine president wanted every pickle .
the delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich !
the sandwich understood every fine sandwich .
the fine pickle wanted a floor .
a fine chief of staff wanted a floor !
the floor kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich !
the president understood the pickle .
a delicious sandwich understood every delicious pickled perplexed perplexed floor .
a fine sandwich wanted every sandwich !
every pickle pickled a sandwich .
a fine perplexed fine chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
every fine president pickled the chief of staff !
is it true that a floor understood the sandwich ?
every pickled fine delicious delicious floor wanted the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff understood a president ?
a floor wanted the chief of staff !
a delicious fine chief of staff wanted a delicious pickle .
every pickled perplexed sandwich understood every delicious president !
every fine delicious pickle ate the perplexed fine chief of staff under the floor on a pickled sandwich in a floor .
the delicious floor ate the pickle .
every pickled sandwich on the delicious president wanted the sandwich .
every chief of staff wanted the president .
every perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickle kissed a fine pickled delicious delicious pickle .
every pickle understood every delicious fine fine delicious president !
every perplexed pickled pickled president ate the fine president .
a pickled fine chief of staff ate every pickled pickle .
a pickle kissed the sandwich !
is it true that the chief of staff understood the pickle ?
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted the fine fine chief of staff ?
every chief of staff kissed the floor .
the pickled president in every president kissed the delicious pickle !
the floor wanted the pickle .
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate the floor .
is it true that every pickled president ate the chief of staff ?
every sandwich pickled the fine delicious fine fine chief of staff under every sandwich in the pickle !
every pickle pickled a fine president !
every floor understood a sandwich .
every president pickled a pickled sandwich .
every perplexed pickled chief of staff ate the pickle under a pickled sandwich .
a fine pickled sandwich understood a delicious sandwich .
every delicious president understood every delicious pickled perplexed fine delicious pickle .
a chief of staff ate the delicious pickle !
the floor with the fine fine sandwich kissed a pickled fine president !
every floor on a floor with the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted a floor .
a pickled pickle pickled every perplexed president .
the sandwich ate the pickled fine perplexed floor .
every floor wanted every perplexed president .
a floor pickled a fine chief of staff !
is it true that a pickled president kissed the president ?
the sandwich kissed a fine pickle .
a president kissed every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
every president pickled the fine sandwich .
a sandwich wanted the fine perplexed floor with a chief of staff .
every pickle ate a chief of staff !
the pickle kissed the perplexed president !
every fine sandwich ate a sandwich !
the pickled pickled floor wanted a delicious sandwich !
the floor kissed the chief of staff with a pickled pickled sandwich .
a floor pickled every pickled perplexed president .
a floor kissed a pickled floor .
the fine pickle pickled every pickle .
a pickled delicious sandwich understood every chief of staff !
a perplexed pickle ate every fine chief of staff .
is it true that every president kissed a perplexed pickled fine delicious fine fine perplexed delicious pickle ?
every perplexed chief of staff understood every floor in every perplexed sandwich .
the floor on a president ate the president !
a perplexed delicious delicious fine perplexed delicious delicious floor wanted the fine president !
a pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled the president !
every chief of staff wanted every president !
every pickled fine president ate the pickled floor .
is it true that the pickle wanted every fine pickle ?
the sandwich ate a fine fine president !
a chief of staff ate every sandwich .
a president on every pickle with every president ate a floor .
the pickle pickled every perplexed president !
the perplexed pickled sandwich pickled the pickle .
the fine floor wanted every sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed fine sandwich .
a sandwich under the pickle ate the pickle !
a fine floor wanted the chief of staff !
the delicious fine chief of staff pickled every fine president .
every perplexed delicious sandwich ate every pickle .
is it true that the pickled floor kissed a floor with every sandwich under a president ?
every delicious president pickled a pickle !
a chief of staff under a delicious fine delicious pickled fine delicious pickle kissed the chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed every president !
the pickled delicious floor kissed every delicious sandwich !
a pickled delicious delicious president kissed every sandwich .
a sandwich understood every sandwich .
a president in the perplexed delicious pickled delicious pickled fine delicious pickle ate the fine sandwich .
the perplexed floor pickled the sandwich !
the fine delicious chief of staff pickled a floor with the fine delicious floor with every delicious pickle !
a delicious sandwich ate a chief of staff !
the floor pickled every fine floor .
a chief of staff wanted the fine floor !
the floor wanted the pickled pickled pickle !
the president kissed every fine delicious delicious fine floor !
the delicious floor pickled every chief of staff !
the floor kissed a chief of staff .
every fine sandwich pickled a delicious perplexed pickled perplexed fine delicious floor .
every fine pickled pickled perplexed fine pickle under the perplexed chief of staff pickled a perplexed perplexed delicious pickled fine delicious pickled pickled sandwich in every sandwich .
is it true that a pickled delicious delicious perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff understood a sandwich ?
every president ate a fine president .
the chief of staff understood a fine pickle .
every president pickled every pickled president .
is it true that every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed floor ate the perplexed pickled sandwich ?
a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president with every pickle understood the floor .
every pickled floor pickled every president .
the perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed floor wanted every pickle !
a pickle wanted the president .
every chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickle .
the fine delicious fine president ate every pickled delicious pickled perplexed pickled fine pickled floor !
every president wanted the floor under the sandwich .
the perplexed floor with a president wanted a president .
a delicious pickled delicious fine chief of staff pickled the fine pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled fine pickle wanted a president ?
is it true that every president kissed the sandwich ?
every pickled chief of staff kissed a fine sandwich !
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed every chief of staff with the perplexed floor ?
the pickled delicious president ate a perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed pickled sandwich understood the chief of staff !
every delicious pickled pickled president pickled a pickle !
the perplexed pickle wanted the pickle !
a perplexed pickle kissed a perplexed pickle .
every perplexed president on a president ate a president !
a perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious pickle .
the delicious delicious president in every pickled floor with the chief of staff understood a delicious delicious sandwich .
every president kissed the delicious floor .
every pickle pickled a sandwich .
the president kissed the delicious perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed floor understood the delicious fine fine pickle .
the perplexed pickled pickled sandwich kissed every sandwich .
a president understood every floor !
every delicious sandwich kissed the fine perplexed pickled floor .
a president kissed a chief of staff !
every delicious chief of staff ate the fine sandwich !
every pickle kissed a pickled delicious pickled fine chief of staff on the president .
is it true that the delicious floor wanted a fine perplexed president ?
the pickle understood every fine president !
a perplexed floor understood a floor !
every pickle pickled the sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich pickled every pickle ?
every president kissed the president !
every perplexed delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed sandwich ate the pickle .
a chief of staff understood a delicious fine president !
is it true that every pickled delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed floor ?
a pickled chief of staff in the sandwich understood the pickled pickled sandwich !
is it true that every perplexed pickled delicious floor kissed every floor ?
a pickled pickle ate a pickled sandwich .
a pickled fine chief of staff ate the perplexed pickle .
a perplexed sandwich understood the floor .
every pickled fine pickled pickled floor under every president understood a pickled pickle .
every fine delicious pickled president pickled the delicious president .
every floor ate every perplexed sandwich .
every pickle kissed every floor .
a pickle wanted the sandwich !
every chief of staff understood every pickled president .
every delicious sandwich understood every president !
every floor kissed the floor .
the pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickle ate a chief of staff in every floor .
every fine floor understood the sandwich !
is it true that the fine fine fine chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled perplexed pickled delicious floor ?
a pickle on every fine fine president wanted every fine pickle .
a chief of staff understood every fine pickled pickled perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich !
the chief of staff pickled the perplexed perplexed pickle on a chief of staff in the floor on a chief of staff !
every perplexed sandwich pickled the fine floor .
a president ate every pickled fine sandwich .
a pickle pickled the delicious delicious delicious pickled sandwich .
every fine chief of staff pickled a delicious pickle under a fine perplexed sandwich .
every delicious perplexed president ate every fine fine pickled president !
the perplexed delicious delicious pickle understood every sandwich .
a sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
every pickle understood every perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
the sandwich understood the president !
every pickle kissed every president .
a perplexed pickled pickled delicious sandwich kissed a perplexed pickle .
every president ate the fine sandwich .
is it true that every president wanted every floor ?
a perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickle pickled a floor .
every chief of staff ate every pickle .
is it true that the pickled sandwich understood the pickled floor ?
a perplexed perplexed fine delicious chief of staff kissed a pickled president .
every pickle kissed a president !
a delicious perplexed floor pickled a fine pickled pickle !
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the fine pickled sandwich !
a floor ate the chief of staff .
a perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious floor !
the president wanted a president !
a president kissed every sandwich !
every sandwich wanted every floor .
every president pickled a president !
is it true that the chief of staff understood the floor ?
is it true that a president wanted every perplexed pickle ?
the perplexed chief of staff under a fine president in a perplexed pickled fine delicious pickled floor wanted the sandwich in every perplexed perplexed pickle .
the perplexed president pickled a floor .
a chief of staff pickled every fine chief of staff !
the delicious fine floor pickled the pickled sandwich .
every fine chief of staff kissed a president .
every pickled sandwich understood the floor !
is it true that a pickled president ate a floor ?
every floor understood every floor on every pickle .
is it true that every fine floor wanted a chief of staff in every pickled floor ?
is it true that a sandwich ate the fine delicious delicious sandwich ?
every fine perplexed floor kissed a perplexed sandwich .
the chief of staff under the fine sandwich understood every pickle .
every chief of staff wanted a sandwich !
every pickled fine pickled delicious pickled sandwich ate every perplexed fine perplexed president .
the fine chief of staff understood every perplexed fine pickled pickle !
a delicious pickle kissed every delicious perplexed perplexed floor .
is it true that the perplexed floor ate a pickled fine perplexed president ?
every pickle pickled the floor with every chief of staff .
every pickled pickle ate every pickle .
a floor wanted every floor !
every pickle wanted the perplexed floor with the chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed pickle in the sandwich understood a delicious delicious president ?
every president kissed a chief of staff !
a president under every chief of staff understood the president !
the sandwich understood every fine perplexed perplexed floor .
the perplexed chief of staff ate every delicious floor .
the floor ate the perplexed pickle .
a president wanted every floor in every floor !
every delicious sandwich in every fine chief of staff ate a perplexed delicious president .
the floor ate a chief of staff .
the delicious floor in a pickle kissed every sandwich !
a perplexed president wanted a floor .
the perplexed sandwich in every fine perplexed delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff .
the delicious delicious floor pickled the floor .
every sandwich pickled a pickle !
a pickled sandwich ate every pickle .
every floor understood every perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich wanted a pickled pickled chief of staff .
a delicious pickled pickle pickled a floor .
is it true that every sandwich ate every perplexed perplexed chief of staff ?
a delicious floor kissed the pickled pickled perplexed pickle .
a floor ate a sandwich !
a pickled pickled perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a pickle !
a perplexed pickle on a president kissed a pickled president !
every perplexed president under a perplexed president kissed every delicious sandwich in every president in a pickled president !
every fine delicious delicious sandwich with the chief of staff ate the fine chief of staff .
the fine chief of staff pickled the pickled floor .
is it true that every fine floor with a sandwich kissed every chief of staff ?
the sandwich wanted every fine pickle .
every president understood every sandwich on the president !
is it true that the sandwich kissed every chief of staff ?
the delicious delicious pickle wanted the chief of staff !
the fine pickle pickled every president .
every floor understood the chief of staff .
the pickled sandwich understood the perplexed delicious pickle .
a sandwich understood a president .
every delicious pickle wanted the perplexed chief of staff .
every president pickled every president !
every pickle understood every perplexed pickle .
the president under every delicious chief of staff with the pickle kissed the pickle .
the sandwich ate every perplexed sandwich .
a sandwich ate a fine pickled fine pickle .
a delicious perplexed fine chief of staff understood every sandwich .
the floor ate a chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled delicious floor understood every fine chief of staff !
the pickled pickled fine fine floor understood every pickle .
every pickle under every chief of staff ate the fine floor !
the fine perplexed perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff under a pickled chief of staff understood a pickle !
a delicious fine fine sandwich under a perplexed delicious delicious president wanted every pickle !
a pickle pickled every pickled sandwich .
a perplexed delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickled fine perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed president kissed the pickle !
every president understood a president .
a president ate the sandwich .
a floor understood a delicious president !
the sandwich pickled the fine delicious president !
every delicious delicious delicious president pickled every floor .
a perplexed perplexed fine pickled chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
is it true that a pickled chief of staff ate every pickled delicious floor ?
is it true that the delicious pickled chief of staff with every fine sandwich pickled every perplexed floor ?
a delicious floor ate a floor !
the fine president kissed every pickle under a chief of staff .
a pickle pickled every sandwich .
every sandwich ate every pickled sandwich .
the delicious president kissed every pickle .
every pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickle understood every president .
every floor ate the president !
a pickled president ate a perplexed fine chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every president with every perplexed pickled delicious pickle !
every fine fine president pickled every chief of staff .
every pickle pickled the pickle with the pickled pickled pickled fine delicious president .
a perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
every pickle wanted a delicious sandwich .
a pickle kissed a delicious president with every delicious president .
a perplexed fine chief of staff kissed every floor with every chief of staff .
every president wanted a pickle .
every perplexed president understood every delicious delicious sandwich !
the delicious perplexed pickled fine fine floor in a pickled floor in every perplexed pickle understood every sandwich .
every pickled pickled chief of staff ate a delicious fine delicious delicious fine chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious president pickled every sandwich ?
every chief of staff on a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle on a floor .
the fine fine delicious sandwich wanted the pickle !
every delicious delicious perplexed pickle understood every sandwich .
the delicious fine floor wanted a president .
every sandwich ate every sandwich !
is it true that the president ate every delicious perplexed perplexed pickle ?
every perplexed perplexed delicious delicious fine delicious president ate a pickled pickled president !
every perplexed sandwich in every chief of staff pickled a pickled delicious fine pickle !
a pickled pickled fine president pickled the chief of staff .
a floor pickled the president .
is it true that every pickle understood every delicious president ?
the chief of staff ate a perplexed president .
the perplexed sandwich wanted a pickle .
the fine pickle understood a pickle !
the fine floor wanted every fine pickle .
every fine delicious fine pickled floor with the pickle on every president ate every chief of staff !
the perplexed pickle understood the perplexed delicious president under a floor under every perplexed floor !
every perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
the president pickled every president !
a pickle understood the fine pickled delicious floor !
a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
a president understood a fine president .
the delicious president pickled every delicious pickle .
a sandwich understood a fine chief of staff .
every president pickled the fine chief of staff .
the floor pickled every sandwich .
is it true that every delicious pickle ate every floor ?
the perplexed delicious delicious pickled perplexed pickle kissed every delicious floor .
every delicious delicious fine floor pickled the delicious chief of staff .
the fine pickled delicious perplexed sandwich understood the pickled perplexed floor .
the floor ate a sandwich .
every perplexed fine fine floor pickled a sandwich .
the perplexed delicious pickle ate every delicious fine president !
every floor kissed every floor .
a perplexed pickle pickled a chief of staff !
a pickled president wanted a pickled floor !
every chief of staff pickled the fine fine perplexed president .
the chief of staff understood every fine fine pickled pickle in the pickled perplexed president !
a perplexed fine delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich with a perplexed fine pickle with the delicious pickled floor !
the chief of staff kissed a delicious floor !
every perplexed pickled sandwich with a delicious sandwich kissed every sandwich .
a sandwich wanted every perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed delicious president in a perplexed perplexed pickled floor kissed every chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff in every chief of staff understood a fine delicious floor ?
every chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
every pickled perplexed pickle ate the perplexed sandwich .
a pickle ate the sandwich !
a floor understood the pickled floor .
a pickled delicious floor ate every delicious pickle .
a sandwich wanted every pickled pickle !
a pickled chief of staff ate every perplexed sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich ate a chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the sandwich ?
every floor ate a delicious perplexed fine fine president under a delicious president .
the president wanted the president .
is it true that a pickled floor understood every president ?
the fine chief of staff under a sandwich understood a chief of staff !
every floor in a pickled floor ate a president .
the pickled floor wanted a pickled fine delicious fine chief of staff .
the floor kissed every president .
a fine delicious floor kissed a pickle .
is it true that the floor pickled a floor ?
every fine president wanted a sandwich .
the fine floor kissed every delicious chief of staff .
every pickled fine pickled pickle wanted every pickle with a chief of staff in the fine perplexed pickled pickled floor !
is it true that a sandwich kissed the delicious fine president ?
the floor understood the fine chief of staff !
every pickle understood the perplexed perplexed president .
every sandwich pickled every fine floor !
is it true that the chief of staff understood a floor ?
every floor pickled a perplexed pickle .
is it true that a pickled pickle ate every pickle ?
every delicious pickle wanted a chief of staff .
every pickle kissed a chief of staff .
every floor pickled a delicious pickle .
every chief of staff pickled a pickled sandwich with every delicious perplexed floor .
a pickled chief of staff understood a pickle .
the floor understood a sandwich .
the sandwich understood every chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled president understood every president .
is it true that every perplexed perplexed pickled fine floor wanted a perplexed sandwich ?
the fine chief of staff pickled a pickle .
the fine perplexed pickled pickle pickled a chief of staff .
every fine pickle ate every fine pickle !
is it true that the floor understood a pickled chief of staff ?
the president pickled the pickled fine pickled president !
a perplexed chief of staff kissed a perplexed chief of staff .
every president ate the delicious floor !
every delicious fine chief of staff understood a fine sandwich .
the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich understood a chief of staff !
the perplexed pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed every delicious pickle .
a pickled floor pickled the sandwich !
a perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ate every pickled delicious sandwich .
every sandwich pickled the sandwich !
the president ate a delicious pickled chief of staff !
every pickled sandwich wanted a president !
a sandwich ate the sandwich .
the delicious pickled delicious sandwich understood a fine president in a perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff with a sandwich .
every pickled pickled pickled pickled fine fine perplexed fine pickled president wanted every pickled chief of staff .
a fine chief of staff pickled the pickled pickled sandwich in a sandwich .
is it true that the perplexed perplexed floor understood a president ?
a fine fine floor kissed every pickle .
a fine president in a delicious president pickled a sandwich .
a delicious perplexed pickled pickled pickled chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
every pickle wanted a president .
a sandwich understood a perplexed pickled president .
every delicious sandwich pickled every sandwich .
a president wanted the floor !
the pickle wanted the pickled fine perplexed president .
every perplexed president pickled the pickled fine chief of staff in the perplexed pickled delicious sandwich .
a president wanted every pickled fine sandwich .
every delicious pickle wanted the fine fine delicious pickle !
a pickled delicious floor wanted the fine pickle .
is it true that the delicious floor kissed the perplexed president ?
a sandwich pickled every chief of staff with the fine delicious delicious chief of staff on the fine fine pickled sandwich .
a floor understood every chief of staff !
the president wanted the chief of staff !
every delicious fine pickle ate a chief of staff .
every president pickled the perplexed president .
the pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a president .
a president pickled a perplexed perplexed pickle in the perplexed fine fine delicious sandwich .
is it true that the pickle wanted every perplexed delicious delicious president ?
the pickle under a president understood the president .
every pickle pickled a pickled sandwich .
is it true that a fine president understood every floor ?
the floor kissed the floor .
the chief of staff understood every perplexed perplexed president !
is it true that every perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the pickle ?
the pickled fine fine fine fine floor with the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
a fine floor kissed a perplexed pickle .
a pickle kissed the sandwich !
every pickle kissed a president !
a floor kissed the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle .
the perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed pickle .
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
every perplexed fine floor kissed the delicious pickled pickled delicious pickle in every chief of staff .
every pickle kissed a fine perplexed chief of staff .
every pickle on every chief of staff wanted the president .
every pickled fine fine sandwich with the pickled perplexed pickled delicious perplexed delicious pickle ate a delicious fine perplexed floor under every pickle !
a pickle wanted a sandwich .
a pickled chief of staff kissed a chief of staff !
every delicious pickled president wanted every floor !
every floor wanted the delicious president .
every chief of staff ate every chief of staff !
the pickle pickled the pickled sandwich .
every president ate every president !
every fine perplexed perplexed floor kissed every sandwich !
is it true that a fine fine chief of staff ate every fine president ?
every pickle ate a sandwich !
the pickled chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
a delicious pickle in every sandwich under every pickle wanted the delicious pickle !
every perplexed pickled fine sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
the delicious fine fine president understood every sandwich !
the perplexed fine delicious fine chief of staff pickled every pickled floor under the pickle !
every chief of staff ate every sandwich !
every delicious fine chief of staff pickled a delicious fine president with a pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff .
every president kissed every pickled chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed the chief of staff !
a floor kissed a floor .
the pickle kissed the chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff in a perplexed sandwich wanted every perplexed pickle .
the pickled president wanted the pickled fine sandwich .
a pickle ate every sandwich .
a delicious floor kissed every president .
the floor understood the pickled fine delicious delicious sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff understood every delicious president ?
every delicious floor understood the sandwich .
the perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed a perplexed chief of staff !
every pickle pickled the president !
is it true that the perplexed pickled floor understood every pickled pickle ?
a president wanted a floor .
every sandwich understood the delicious delicious fine fine pickle .
the fine chief of staff understood the pickle .
the pickled perplexed pickled sandwich understood a fine delicious fine fine perplexed pickled pickle !
the chief of staff understood a sandwich !
every president ate every fine delicious chief of staff .
is it true that every delicious delicious president ate every fine delicious chief of staff ?
every chief of staff pickled a floor .
the pickle understood a fine pickle .
is it true that a delicious president pickled a pickle with the floor ?
is it true that every pickled sandwich kissed a delicious fine pickled delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle ?
is it true that every delicious president wanted every pickle ?
the delicious floor pickled a pickled fine chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff wanted a perplexed sandwich ?
a perplexed sandwich wanted the president !
a fine president kissed a president .
every pickled floor pickled every pickled fine pickled president .
every delicious delicious fine pickled delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
a perplexed chief of staff understood every pickled perplexed floor .
every floor understood the fine delicious sandwich !
every delicious fine fine president wanted the perplexed pickle !
a pickle wanted every delicious perplexed chief of staff in a perplexed pickle !
is it true that every president understood every president ?
every perplexed floor wanted the pickle .
the pickle pickled the fine delicious pickle !
a pickle understood a pickled floor .
is it true that every fine chief of staff wanted a pickle under the floor ?
every pickle understood every president in a president in a pickle .
every fine floor ate every president .
the perplexed floor under the pickled pickled floor on every pickled pickle wanted every fine fine delicious fine pickle !
a pickled floor ate every perplexed pickled sandwich !
a fine chief of staff pickled a fine floor !
a pickled delicious fine pickled president ate every chief of staff .
a perplexed president understood the sandwich .
the pickle kissed the president .
every delicious delicious floor kissed every delicious pickle .
a perplexed floor ate the pickle .
a president kissed the chief of staff .
the perplexed president understood the fine fine pickled president .
a fine pickled pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff with the fine chief of staff with every pickle .
is it true that a floor ate the pickled perplexed pickled delicious president ?
the pickle wanted a chief of staff !
the sandwich understood the sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich ate a president .
every perplexed perplexed pickled fine floor with every fine fine floor ate a chief of staff .
the delicious pickled delicious pickled sandwich kissed every perplexed pickle !
the chief of staff kissed a pickle .
the pickled perplexed floor with the pickled perplexed delicious fine sandwich pickled the floor .
every perplexed perplexed pickle wanted a delicious sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff pickled a fine floor ?
a president pickled a perplexed chief of staff under the delicious pickle .
every president wanted a delicious pickle .
a perplexed pickle pickled the pickled fine president .
the perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickle kissed a pickle .
is it true that every pickled fine floor kissed a president ?
a floor pickled a sandwich .
every chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickled delicious delicious pickle with a sandwich .
is it true that every perplexed president kissed the pickled chief of staff ?
a floor understood every president !
a president pickled every pickle .
is it true that every fine pickled sandwich ate a fine pickle ?
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
the perplexed fine perplexed fine sandwich pickled the fine president .
every pickle wanted every president !
the chief of staff understood a sandwich .
the pickle pickled a pickled floor !
every perplexed sandwich understood a fine chief of staff !
the perplexed pickled floor pickled every pickle under a floor !
the pickle kissed every sandwich .
a floor pickled a pickled sandwich .
every delicious president on a pickle ate a floor .
every fine pickle wanted a pickled pickled pickled delicious pickled perplexed sandwich .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed president kissed a perplexed sandwich .
every delicious delicious delicious delicious fine sandwich on the delicious president pickled the sandwich !
the president on every president understood a perplexed delicious president !
the floor ate a fine sandwich .
the delicious sandwich wanted the fine chief of staff .
a pickled sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
the pickle pickled every delicious president !
the perplexed floor ate every delicious perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff understood a fine delicious fine floor ?
the floor kissed every floor .
the chief of staff understood every pickle !
a fine floor wanted the fine fine pickled president !
every delicious pickle pickled the president !
every delicious pickle understood the pickled chief of staff !
the fine perplexed pickled fine delicious sandwich pickled the pickle on a floor under every chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious delicious fine floor ate a floor .
is it true that a sandwich ate a pickled sandwich under a delicious pickled fine president ?
a perplexed perplexed floor understood the sandwich .
every delicious delicious pickle pickled the fine perplexed perplexed floor !
every delicious chief of staff pickled every sandwich !
the perplexed president understood the chief of staff .
a president kissed a delicious fine president .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a sandwich ?
the pickled sandwich pickled the perplexed floor .
a fine sandwich ate a perplexed floor .
is it true that the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ?
every perplexed pickle kissed every fine fine perplexed delicious pickle !
every sandwich wanted every chief of staff !
is it true that a fine floor pickled every chief of staff ?
the floor ate the perplexed president .
is it true that a sandwich understood a pickle ?
the chief of staff wanted a president !
every perplexed delicious fine floor wanted every president .
the sandwich understood the floor .
the sandwich wanted a perplexed president !
is it true that every president ate the sandwich ?
every perplexed chief of staff pickled a delicious delicious pickle .
the sandwich ate the perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich .
every president kissed the chief of staff !
every pickle wanted the president .
the fine sandwich kissed every perplexed president !
is it true that every floor wanted a president ?
every floor pickled a sandwich .
the chief of staff ate the floor !
is it true that a pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff ?
a perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickled president kissed the pickle .
a president pickled the president .
the perplexed floor pickled a floor .
a chief of staff with every sandwich in a president understood every sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich kissed every president .
every floor kissed a delicious fine perplexed president !
every fine pickled president under a fine president wanted every pickled president .
a chief of staff understood every perplexed delicious fine chief of staff .
a delicious sandwich wanted the floor .
a chief of staff with every perplexed delicious fine fine perplexed sandwich kissed a sandwich .
the pickle ate the president .
a floor understood a president .
every pickled floor on a president pickled every sandwich !
is it true that every chief of staff ate the sandwich ?
the fine floor wanted every delicious perplexed pickle .
a floor wanted a pickled pickle .
the delicious pickled delicious pickle understood every delicious perplexed perplexed fine floor .
every fine floor understood a perplexed floor .
every delicious perplexed perplexed president ate the sandwich !
a pickled president wanted a pickled pickled delicious pickled fine president .
is it true that every pickle ate the floor on the pickled pickled fine chief of staff ?
the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickled sandwich ?
every delicious perplexed president pickled every chief of staff .
every fine sandwich kissed every perplexed floor !
the fine delicious president understood every pickle .
is it true that the floor under the fine pickle ate every pickled sandwich ?
a fine delicious floor kissed a fine fine president !
a pickled perplexed delicious floor kissed the pickled floor .
the perplexed pickled perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickle kissed a pickled president .
a sandwich kissed a fine floor .
is it true that the pickled fine perplexed perplexed president wanted every floor ?
the delicious delicious pickle kissed a pickle !
every fine president ate a floor !
every delicious delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled every fine president .
the chief of staff kissed a president !
every sandwich pickled the pickled chief of staff !
the pickled sandwich kissed a chief of staff !
a delicious pickled fine fine fine fine pickle ate a sandwich .
the chief of staff ate every sandwich .
a fine fine fine pickle wanted the floor .
the delicious floor ate every fine chief of staff .
the fine delicious floor wanted the perplexed delicious president .
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
the pickle understood a perplexed delicious perplexed pickled perplexed floor .
a chief of staff wanted every floor .
a pickled sandwich ate a sandwich .
every floor pickled a delicious floor on the pickle on every perplexed president .
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every fine president ?
a fine pickled pickled perplexed pickled floor pickled the sandwich with every pickled delicious pickled pickle .
every floor kissed the fine pickle !
the pickle under every delicious floor pickled the delicious perplexed perplexed president !
every pickled chief of staff understood the pickled sandwich .
a pickle ate the sandwich in a delicious pickle .
a president understood a pickled chief of staff .
every pickle understood every perplexed floor !
a pickled floor kissed the pickle in the pickled fine pickled chief of staff .
the delicious fine pickled president ate every delicious pickled floor !
the pickle pickled every pickle .
every pickle wanted the delicious president .
a fine pickle pickled the chief of staff .
every pickled delicious floor kissed every fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff on a perplexed sandwich .
a delicious pickle understood every perplexed delicious floor .
a president understood a pickle !
a perplexed president pickled a floor .
every fine pickle under the delicious floor understood a sandwich .
a president kissed every delicious perplexed floor .
a sandwich ate the president .
is it true that every sandwich wanted a floor ?
a president pickled the pickled sandwich .
a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled delicious pickle !
a chief of staff pickled every president .
every perplexed perplexed floor wanted every pickle !
a chief of staff wanted the floor .
is it true that a pickled delicious delicious delicious sandwich understood a perplexed delicious fine pickle ?
a chief of staff pickled the president in every sandwich with the perplexed sandwich with every pickled sandwich .
a fine perplexed pickled president understood the president .
every perplexed sandwich understood a floor on the president .
is it true that a pickled floor pickled a president ?
is it true that every perplexed floor wanted the perplexed president ?
every fine pickle kissed every floor .
the pickle ate every pickled president .
the pickle understood every perplexed fine perplexed president .
a pickled pickled chief of staff kissed the president .
every pickled chief of staff wanted a floor .
every pickled perplexed chief of staff understood every floor .
the sandwich ate a pickled pickled delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickle .
a floor wanted every sandwich .
every fine perplexed chief of staff kissed a president !
the perplexed president wanted every sandwich .
the pickled sandwich understood a delicious pickled chief of staff !
every delicious perplexed delicious pickled pickle pickled the floor !
is it true that the floor understood a pickled delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that every floor kissed a perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that every sandwich pickled a fine chief of staff ?
the pickled pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickle !
every sandwich ate a delicious president .
every chief of staff ate a floor .
the delicious president with a chief of staff ate the pickled fine delicious pickled delicious perplexed fine delicious delicious pickle .
a pickled pickled pickle pickled a delicious president in a pickle with the pickled fine pickle !
every pickle pickled every pickle .
every floor wanted a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff .
the pickled chief of staff understood the sandwich under a perplexed sandwich !
every perplexed perplexed pickle understood the fine pickle .
is it true that every fine fine president ate every chief of staff ?
a pickle wanted a president !
the pickled pickled floor ate every delicious president .
every president under the sandwich understood the perplexed floor in the perplexed delicious chief of staff on every delicious fine fine fine pickled perplexed sandwich .
is it true that every pickled perplexed delicious perplexed fine president kissed the pickled pickled chief of staff ?
every sandwich kissed the pickle under every pickled fine delicious pickle .
a pickle understood a chief of staff .
a floor wanted a fine pickled fine floor .
every perplexed delicious fine president kissed a delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that every pickled pickle kissed every pickle ?
the floor kissed the fine pickled floor !
is it true that a sandwich ate every president ?
a pickled sandwich ate the delicious sandwich on every fine perplexed floor .
every floor in the pickle understood every floor on the president !
every president kissed the president .
every delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle !
a fine chief of staff understood the sandwich .
a pickle wanted every pickle .
a pickled pickle pickled the president .
every sandwich kissed the delicious delicious sandwich !
a pickled fine pickle on the floor pickled a pickle .
a president ate a delicious president !
a chief of staff wanted a pickle .
the pickle kissed every perplexed floor .
the pickle wanted a perplexed delicious delicious perplexed president .
the delicious perplexed delicious perplexed fine delicious pickle on the pickled floor understood the pickled chief of staff !
a floor ate every pickled fine president under a sandwich !
the sandwich ate a perplexed delicious delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle .
every delicious sandwich ate a floor !
every sandwich pickled the floor .
the pickle ate the pickle .
every perplexed pickle ate the pickle with a pickled delicious delicious president .
the pickle wanted a pickle !
is it true that a pickled floor understood every chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickle understood a fine perplexed fine pickle ?
the pickled fine pickle wanted every president !
every delicious delicious delicious fine pickled pickled delicious fine president wanted a delicious delicious floor .
every fine president ate every sandwich .
a fine sandwich ate a chief of staff .
every delicious perplexed pickled pickled floor kissed a perplexed floor .
a perplexed chief of staff understood a fine pickle .
a perplexed pickled sandwich kissed the floor .
the perplexed pickle kissed the pickled pickle .
a pickle pickled every perplexed president .
the delicious delicious floor kissed every sandwich .
every fine fine sandwich kissed the perplexed fine perplexed fine pickled delicious fine perplexed pickled fine pickle in a pickled floor !
the floor ate the president .
every perplexed chief of staff pickled the fine pickle .
every floor understood the president .
the president wanted the chief of staff on a floor .
the president pickled every president in a chief of staff !
the fine perplexed fine chief of staff pickled the pickle !
every delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich .
every pickle ate a perplexed pickle !
a fine floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff .
the pickle kissed every pickle .
the perplexed president on a floor kissed every delicious pickled perplexed pickled floor .
a president under the floor kissed the floor .
every delicious floor understood every perplexed pickled fine delicious pickled sandwich .
every pickled floor kissed every pickled delicious fine fine perplexed president .
the chief of staff pickled a pickled president .
every chief of staff pickled the delicious pickle .
a perplexed pickle on every fine fine perplexed pickled floor in every fine fine delicious delicious fine perplexed pickle understood the pickled fine chief of staff !
is it true that a floor understood a delicious delicious fine chief of staff ?
every sandwich wanted every delicious pickle .
a president wanted a perplexed sandwich !
the chief of staff understood the pickle !
every delicious perplexed sandwich on the chief of staff in every pickle pickled the pickled sandwich .
is it true that every pickled pickle understood a pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickled fine delicious delicious delicious perplexed sandwich understood a floor ?
every perplexed fine chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious fine perplexed pickled chief of staff with the floor with the sandwich on the fine pickled pickled pickle .
the fine fine chief of staff wanted the perplexed president !
the pickled floor pickled every delicious sandwich !
the sandwich in the fine pickled pickled president wanted every delicious fine floor !
a chief of staff understood every pickle !
every pickled pickled perplexed president on the delicious president pickled the president .
a president wanted the pickle .
the president kissed the fine president !
the sandwich wanted the floor .
the floor kissed the fine pickled fine delicious president .
a pickled sandwich kissed a floor .
every fine president wanted a sandwich .
every delicious perplexed pickled delicious perplexed fine floor ate the chief of staff .
is it true that every delicious perplexed perplexed pickle pickled the delicious floor ?
is it true that a sandwich wanted every delicious pickle ?
is it true that a pickled chief of staff pickled a delicious pickle ?
every floor pickled a sandwich .
every fine sandwich ate every president !
every delicious pickle understood every chief of staff .
every delicious delicious sandwich pickled the perplexed pickle .
a chief of staff understood the sandwich .
every fine sandwich kissed the president .
the chief of staff kissed every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious floor .
is it true that a pickled pickled pickled delicious delicious president understood a floor ?
a perplexed floor pickled the chief of staff .
the chief of staff kissed the pickled floor .
a pickle pickled the pickled pickle !
is it true that every perplexed fine president kissed every perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ?
every fine delicious chief of staff pickled every pickled pickled pickle on a floor .
the fine delicious pickle wanted every pickle .
a pickle understood every floor .
every president wanted the chief of staff .
every floor understood the president .
a floor understood every sandwich .
the chief of staff ate the sandwich .
a fine pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff in a fine chief of staff ate a perplexed president .
the delicious president understood every delicious delicious floor .
the pickled pickle pickled the chief of staff .
every perplexed chief of staff understood every pickled perplexed president .
a delicious sandwich kissed every pickle .
every fine fine delicious pickled chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff understood the pickle .
every perplexed perplexed president wanted a fine fine perplexed sandwich .
the fine president under the pickle in every floor wanted a sandwich !
the president kissed every delicious pickled floor !
every fine floor pickled a delicious pickled fine sandwich .
every sandwich ate a sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed floor with a pickled pickled chief of staff ate a president ?
the president understood the floor !
is it true that the president ate every pickle ?
the perplexed pickle pickled the perplexed sandwich .
a pickled pickle understood a fine delicious perplexed pickle .
the perplexed delicious president under a floor in a delicious pickle understood a fine pickled perplexed floor under every perplexed perplexed sandwich !
a fine fine floor wanted every floor with the perplexed sandwich !
is it true that every president with the perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickle ?
is it true that every delicious sandwich pickled every fine sandwich ?
the chief of staff ate a president .
every sandwich ate every pickled sandwich .
the pickle under the delicious pickle understood the delicious chief of staff !
the president kissed a perplexed president !
a president kissed every president .
every pickled pickled delicious delicious sandwich understood a delicious sandwich with a pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich with the chief of staff ate the pickled pickled fine chief of staff under every fine fine pickled floor !
is it true that the president ate every fine delicious pickled president ?
a delicious fine pickle ate every chief of staff on every fine fine floor .
the floor kissed every fine pickled delicious sandwich .
every sandwich kissed every perplexed delicious fine perplexed president .
a fine fine chief of staff ate a president .
the fine delicious delicious delicious fine fine floor kissed a delicious floor !
a pickled chief of staff pickled a delicious floor .
a floor kissed a sandwich under the floor !
the president kissed a fine chief of staff .
a delicious fine chief of staff kissed the fine sandwich .
every delicious pickle with a floor ate every chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff wanted every floor .
every pickled president wanted the chief of staff .
a pickled delicious pickle kissed every president under the perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed president .
the delicious delicious perplexed president understood every chief of staff !
is it true that every fine sandwich pickled the chief of staff ?
every floor pickled a perplexed delicious chief of staff .
every chief of staff wanted a president .
is it true that a perplexed perplexed sandwich pickled the perplexed pickle on the perplexed president under every floor ?
a floor ate every perplexed president .
every delicious fine sandwich wanted a pickle !
is it true that the pickle pickled the delicious pickled president ?
the pickled floor wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle .
every pickled floor under the pickle ate a fine pickle .
a chief of staff understood the president .
every fine floor kissed a delicious fine pickle !
a floor kissed every delicious pickled pickle !
the floor ate a pickled delicious delicious floor .
the pickled delicious president ate the delicious perplexed sandwich !
every floor kissed every chief of staff in a perplexed fine pickled floor .
is it true that the pickle understood a fine chief of staff on a fine pickled delicious floor ?
every pickle wanted every president .
every fine sandwich ate the perplexed floor under every floor !
every pickled perplexed president pickled a delicious delicious pickle !
a pickle pickled every sandwich !
the president pickled every pickle .
the pickle ate the delicious delicious pickle !
every floor kissed the fine pickled president .
the sandwich wanted every delicious delicious fine delicious fine delicious president !
every perplexed fine chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
a president understood the pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich wanted a pickle .
every floor kissed every chief of staff !
every pickle wanted every delicious pickle .
a perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a fine pickled chief of staff !
a fine floor under the chief of staff pickled a floor under the sandwich !
the delicious fine chief of staff in the delicious delicious fine president kissed every sandwich .
the sandwich kissed a pickled pickled sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted a president .
the delicious pickled fine chief of staff ate the pickled sandwich !
every chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
every president kissed every delicious fine chief of staff .
a fine pickle pickled every pickle .
every floor pickled a perplexed floor .
the floor ate a pickled fine pickle .
a sandwich pickled a floor !
is it true that every delicious president under every floor ate the fine delicious fine chief of staff ?
every pickle kissed every floor .
is it true that every pickled delicious floor wanted the sandwich ?
every president in a chief of staff wanted a floor .
every sandwich wanted every delicious floor .
every fine chief of staff pickled the delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff .
a perplexed fine president wanted the delicious president !
every perplexed fine chief of staff pickled every perplexed fine perplexed sandwich under every sandwich with the delicious president in every floor .
every sandwich under the delicious delicious pickled president ate the pickle .
a president ate a sandwich .
the floor understood every delicious perplexed president .
is it true that every delicious delicious chief of staff understood a chief of staff ?
the perplexed chief of staff ate the floor !
every pickled delicious floor pickled every pickle .
every delicious sandwich wanted a pickle in a floor .
every pickle pickled a floor !
a chief of staff wanted a delicious pickle !
every delicious pickled fine perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
every pickle pickled every pickled chief of staff !
a fine fine pickle kissed a chief of staff !
the fine perplexed sandwich wanted a fine perplexed chief of staff .
every pickled floor understood every president .
the president kissed every perplexed president !
is it true that a president pickled the fine sandwich ?
every president ate a sandwich !
the pickled fine pickled president wanted every perplexed floor .
the perplexed floor wanted a floor !
a floor ate every pickle !
is it true that the pickle kissed every perplexed delicious pickled president under a pickled pickle on a perplexed president ?
every delicious pickled pickle understood a pickle .
is it true that a fine floor pickled the floor ?
the fine fine floor ate the sandwich .
every president on a fine chief of staff ate a floor !
the floor under every fine delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed chief of staff .
the fine pickle wanted the floor in a pickled pickle with the pickled pickled sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff wanted the perplexed fine perplexed floor .
a sandwich ate every chief of staff .
the fine fine perplexed perplexed pickle under a fine delicious fine sandwich understood the pickle .
every sandwich pickled the fine president .
the pickle with every perplexed president wanted a delicious pickled delicious pickled pickled floor .
is it true that a pickle wanted a delicious pickled chief of staff ?
the perplexed pickled sandwich wanted the floor !
a delicious floor ate a sandwich with a perplexed fine fine delicious president .
is it true that the sandwich wanted every perplexed president ?
every pickle kissed the delicious perplexed floor .
every president kissed every sandwich .
every sandwich understood the floor .
the pickled president on a delicious floor kissed every fine pickled fine pickle .
is it true that a perplexed president understood a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed sandwich with every pickled fine sandwich ?
the fine president kissed the perplexed floor .
a fine pickle kissed every perplexed pickled pickle !
the pickled president pickled the pickle .
the floor wanted the floor !
the delicious sandwich pickled the floor .
the fine floor wanted every fine president .
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle ate a sandwich ?
the president ate a delicious fine pickled pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious pickle under a chief of staff understood a perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed pickled delicious president ?
a fine fine fine chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle !
every perplexed sandwich understood a perplexed pickle .
is it true that the floor kissed a delicious president ?
is it true that every floor wanted every sandwich ?
is it true that the president kissed every perplexed sandwich ?
a delicious pickled delicious delicious fine delicious delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the pickle .
every pickle wanted every pickle .
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed fine pickle kissed every chief of staff on every pickled delicious delicious fine pickle ?
is it true that the pickled pickled pickle with every floor wanted the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed floor ?
every pickled delicious president kissed every pickle .
the delicious president wanted every sandwich on the delicious chief of staff !
a sandwich wanted a fine perplexed perplexed delicious floor .
a delicious perplexed pickle understood the delicious floor .
is it true that a chief of staff understood a sandwich ?
a pickle under the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff !
a perplexed fine pickle ate every delicious perplexed delicious fine pickle .
a pickle kissed a pickled perplexed sandwich .
the fine pickled chief of staff on the pickle understood every fine delicious fine president !
is it true that every sandwich kissed the fine sandwich ?
a perplexed president ate a pickled floor .
every perplexed sandwich pickled the perplexed fine floor .
the fine chief of staff understood every president under a fine fine chief of staff !
is it true that every perplexed president understood every perplexed perplexed pickle ?
a perplexed pickled pickled fine delicious chief of staff ate every pickle .
every fine president with the sandwich pickled the perplexed delicious pickled president .
is it true that a perplexed pickle understood the fine president under every sandwich ?
every pickle ate a sandwich !
every perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle !
the delicious floor pickled the fine delicious sandwich in every president !
every floor kissed a fine delicious pickle .
a fine delicious fine president understood the pickle !
every chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff .
a president pickled a pickle .
a pickled perplexed fine floor kissed a pickle !
the fine delicious delicious president ate the president .
the sandwich kissed a sandwich in every president .
a sandwich understood every pickle .
every chief of staff understood every pickle !
is it true that the president pickled a chief of staff ?
every floor pickled a sandwich .
a pickle kissed every chief of staff .
a chief of staff ate every delicious perplexed sandwich !
the pickled fine chief of staff pickled a fine delicious fine sandwich !
every pickle kissed every chief of staff !
the president kissed every sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every president ?
every delicious pickle pickled every pickled delicious floor .
a pickled delicious fine pickled delicious pickled delicious perplexed fine fine chief of staff under the pickle wanted every fine pickled fine pickled delicious pickle !
every perplexed pickle kissed every president !
a pickled sandwich pickled every floor .
is it true that the fine sandwich in a fine perplexed chief of staff ate every sandwich ?
the pickled pickled pickled floor understood every delicious president in a delicious floor .
every president ate every floor .
every president understood the sandwich !
every sandwich with every fine fine president with every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
every perplexed floor wanted the fine president .
a pickled fine perplexed sandwich wanted every sandwich .
every president kissed the pickled delicious president .
the chief of staff with a chief of staff wanted every pickled delicious delicious president .
is it true that every chief of staff understood a sandwich on the pickle ?
every president pickled a delicious fine president .
a president pickled the pickle .
is it true that the sandwich in every chief of staff under the pickled sandwich ate the fine sandwich ?
every president ate every pickle !
is it true that the president in every president wanted the fine floor ?
a pickled perplexed fine pickle pickled the fine sandwich .
every president pickled every chief of staff .
every fine floor kissed a president !
every sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
the floor understood a chief of staff .
the fine sandwich ate the president .
is it true that a delicious pickled president pickled the fine sandwich ?
every pickled floor wanted a fine pickled pickled sandwich !
a fine floor pickled a pickled chief of staff !
every delicious perplexed chief of staff on the president kissed the sandwich .
every fine floor with every floor understood the chief of staff with the fine pickled president .
the sandwich wanted the floor .
the fine pickle in the delicious sandwich wanted a fine pickled pickled pickle in every fine fine pickled fine chief of staff .
the perplexed president kissed every fine floor .
every perplexed sandwich kissed every sandwich .
is it true that the pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ?
a pickled fine fine chief of staff understood every fine delicious chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the chief of staff !
a floor understood a president .
every floor ate every fine perplexed fine sandwich .
the chief of staff kissed the delicious president !
is it true that the pickled floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickle understood every perplexed delicious president under every pickled pickle with a chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled perplexed pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a fine pickle .
every floor understood a fine fine president !
every pickle understood the delicious fine pickled delicious chief of staff !
a delicious chief of staff understood a fine perplexed sandwich !
every pickled pickled delicious pickled president kissed the pickled delicious sandwich .
a delicious pickled pickled chief of staff pickled the pickle .
every floor wanted the floor on a fine pickled floor .
the president wanted a delicious perplexed president .
every delicious chief of staff pickled the pickle .
is it true that every floor understood a sandwich ?
a fine perplexed fine floor ate every pickled chief of staff .
every fine sandwich kissed every president .
the fine chief of staff kissed every floor .
every perplexed floor ate the sandwich !
the floor understood every president on the floor .
a pickle ate a pickle .
every chief of staff in every perplexed chief of staff with every floor understood the pickled sandwich .
a pickle wanted every pickle in every pickled chief of staff .
the pickle pickled the president under a sandwich under every pickle .
every president kissed every pickled delicious delicious fine fine perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich !
every perplexed delicious pickled floor kissed a floor .
the chief of staff wanted a perplexed delicious sandwich .
a fine pickle pickled every president on a perplexed perplexed delicious pickled perplexed floor under every delicious pickled delicious fine delicious floor .
the president kissed every perplexed delicious pickle in every perplexed delicious pickle .
every president wanted the delicious perplexed president .
the delicious delicious president kissed every delicious fine sandwich .
every delicious floor ate a pickled pickled sandwich .
the sandwich pickled every perplexed delicious sandwich .
every pickled pickled fine perplexed fine perplexed perplexed floor kissed every perplexed pickle .
the president understood every president .
the pickle wanted the chief of staff .
every president kissed a fine fine pickled delicious president .
every fine pickle understood a perplexed delicious chief of staff .
a pickled perplexed perplexed president understood every fine perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed the fine delicious floor !
the perplexed delicious floor kissed a delicious president .
a president ate a pickled sandwich .
every perplexed floor pickled a floor .
the floor in a sandwich kissed every perplexed president .
a perplexed floor pickled the fine fine pickled sandwich .
a floor kissed a pickle !
the delicious floor pickled every president with a pickled pickled delicious sandwich .
a president wanted a sandwich .
the perplexed fine delicious sandwich wanted every sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich kissed every pickled floor .
every fine perplexed pickled floor understood every fine pickled perplexed delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled every perplexed president .
every pickle on every pickled fine pickled sandwich wanted a pickle !
every delicious fine president kissed the president .
a floor kissed the pickled pickle .
a fine sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle in the delicious pickled perplexed fine floor !
the chief of staff pickled every pickled fine president .
the pickle pickled the chief of staff !
a pickled floor ate the sandwich .
the sandwich understood every fine president !
the president kissed the fine delicious sandwich !
a fine floor wanted the sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff understood a chief of staff ?
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every sandwich ?
the perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff ate a pickled pickle .
the chief of staff kissed every president .
the perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff .
every delicious delicious floor understood the delicious chief of staff .
the pickle ate the delicious chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled pickled president understood a floor !
every delicious pickled president pickled the sandwich .
the fine sandwich pickled a pickled delicious delicious pickle on every delicious chief of staff under every sandwich .
is it true that the pickle wanted the floor ?
a fine pickled fine chief of staff understood every fine chief of staff !
the delicious sandwich in a perplexed delicious perplexed pickle wanted a perplexed fine chief of staff .
a pickle in the delicious president pickled every president .
is it true that the delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every floor ?
the fine floor kissed a floor .
a president kissed a chief of staff !
the pickled fine fine delicious delicious pickled fine pickle understood a perplexed president !
a president pickled a fine perplexed president !
a pickle kissed the perplexed fine perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed pickle .
every chief of staff ate every sandwich .
a fine fine delicious sandwich ate a pickle .
every perplexed president ate every perplexed sandwich .
is it true that every floor kissed every chief of staff ?
is it true that the president kissed every delicious sandwich ?
every perplexed pickle pickled every president .
the chief of staff wanted every pickle !
is it true that the perplexed fine perplexed perplexed floor kissed a fine president ?
every perplexed pickle with the perplexed chief of staff ate the delicious pickled president .
the perplexed fine president understood every pickle !
a fine chief of staff under the fine fine president with a floor kissed the pickle !
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
a pickle understood a pickled floor with the president .
is it true that the pickled president understood every pickle on the delicious fine chief of staff with every chief of staff ?
every perplexed chief of staff understood every pickled fine pickled pickle .
every pickled delicious president kissed the fine delicious president !
every pickle kissed every president !
a fine fine fine floor wanted every pickle !
is it true that a delicious fine fine pickled pickled president kissed a chief of staff ?
the sandwich with a fine chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
the floor wanted the pickle !
every sandwich understood a president !
the pickled sandwich understood a president .
the perplexed floor wanted every sandwich !
a pickle pickled the chief of staff .
every pickle ate every pickled pickled floor .
a perplexed pickled pickled pickled president kissed every perplexed pickled pickled pickled chief of staff in a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff .
every pickled fine president wanted the sandwich .
every sandwich on every fine president understood every president !
every floor kissed a president !
a delicious pickled sandwich wanted every sandwich !
a sandwich understood a pickled sandwich !
the perplexed sandwich pickled the delicious president !
the pickled chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
a fine chief of staff pickled the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled perplexed pickled floor wanted the fine delicious president ?
a perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickled president with every pickle understood a fine pickled pickle !
is it true that a pickled sandwich understood every chief of staff ?
a fine pickled delicious floor pickled every chief of staff !
every fine pickled pickled sandwich wanted the fine fine sandwich .
is it true that every perplexed pickled fine sandwich wanted a delicious pickle ?
every sandwich on a pickled pickle kissed every perplexed sandwich on a floor .
is it true that a president understood the sandwich ?
is it true that every sandwich pickled the pickled floor ?
a sandwich understood a pickle under every chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed the delicious fine sandwich !
is it true that a chief of staff pickled a perplexed fine fine perplexed chief of staff ?
every fine sandwich on the perplexed pickle with the president ate every fine pickled floor .
the president pickled a perplexed chief of staff .
a fine sandwich pickled the sandwich .
is it true that every delicious perplexed delicious president pickled a pickled pickle ?
the pickled floor wanted every sandwich !
every fine perplexed pickled perplexed delicious floor kissed every perplexed floor .
a sandwich pickled a sandwich .
the fine pickle ate a perplexed sandwich .
a president pickled every sandwich !
a pickled pickled president understood the pickled fine pickled president !
the delicious pickled fine sandwich ate every floor !
every fine floor ate the chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed every perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a fine fine sandwich wanted every delicious president !
is it true that a floor ate a fine pickled chief of staff ?
a perplexed pickled sandwich kissed the delicious floor !
is it true that the pickled perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed delicious sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the fine perplexed chief of staff ?
a pickled pickle in a floor understood the perplexed fine floor .
a president kissed the pickle .
is it true that every fine perplexed perplexed president kissed the perplexed pickled perplexed president ?
is it true that every perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich pickled the perplexed sandwich ?
the floor pickled a president on every chief of staff on the fine pickled chief of staff .
every pickle pickled every floor .
the pickled perplexed pickle understood every fine fine president !
is it true that every floor pickled every pickled pickle ?
every pickled chief of staff wanted every delicious president !
a delicious fine pickled delicious pickle ate a president !
every floor wanted a president .
a pickle wanted the chief of staff !
a perplexed floor understood every delicious fine sandwich !
a perplexed chief of staff pickled every floor !
a perplexed pickled pickled sandwich ate the fine floor !
is it true that every president wanted the chief of staff ?
is it true that the fine chief of staff kissed every fine perplexed chief of staff with every pickled pickled floor ?
the fine president kissed every president .
every perplexed pickle kissed the perplexed pickle .
every president ate a fine perplexed president .
is it true that every floor wanted a pickled fine pickled delicious president ?
the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
the perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickle under a chief of staff .
the chief of staff kissed every fine perplexed pickle .
every pickle wanted the chief of staff .
every floor kissed every floor !
the perplexed floor understood the pickle .
a perplexed perplexed pickled fine delicious sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious floor !
a sandwich ate a pickled sandwich !
a fine president kissed every delicious perplexed president .
a delicious delicious delicious pickled pickled floor understood a floor !
the pickle wanted the pickle .
a fine delicious sandwich pickled the chief of staff !
a fine president pickled the delicious perplexed pickle with a sandwich .
a pickle with the pickle understood the fine president !
a delicious pickle ate the perplexed president .
the chief of staff ate the president !
the president pickled the pickle .
the fine chief of staff pickled the pickle .
a sandwich ate a pickle .
a chief of staff ate every chief of staff !
a delicious pickle kissed every pickled pickled delicious president .
is it true that the perplexed floor understood every delicious delicious chief of staff ?
a floor on the floor understood every sandwich .
every perplexed sandwich understood every sandwich in the sandwich !
a delicious pickled president wanted the president .
every fine delicious pickled fine pickled sandwich ate the delicious floor !
every pickled delicious pickled chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate the sandwich !
a delicious sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
is it true that every fine perplexed perplexed pickle understood the fine fine president ?
every president pickled every floor .
a perplexed president kissed the fine chief of staff .
the floor wanted every pickle with a pickled president !
the sandwich kissed a floor .
every sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff !
every chief of staff understood a pickle .
the president understood the fine president with a president .
the perplexed president pickled the sandwich .
every pickled floor ate the pickled pickled chief of staff .
is it true that every delicious perplexed president wanted every fine perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickle ?
a chief of staff pickled every fine pickle in every perplexed pickle !
the pickled fine president kissed a delicious sandwich !
a delicious perplexed pickle ate a chief of staff .
the pickled pickled chief of staff pickled the delicious pickle !
the fine pickled pickle kissed a pickled pickle .
a delicious fine fine chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich .
the delicious president pickled the pickled floor .
every floor pickled the pickled pickled fine pickled fine pickle .
every fine sandwich ate the pickled perplexed sandwich .
a sandwich understood every chief of staff .
a pickled floor ate every pickle .
every chief of staff pickled the delicious chief of staff .
a president understood the pickle .
a delicious perplexed delicious delicious pickled delicious pickle understood every delicious perplexed pickle .
every fine sandwich pickled a fine delicious fine sandwich .
the pickled delicious chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
the pickle understood the fine delicious floor !
the pickled floor kissed the sandwich .
every chief of staff pickled the perplexed fine pickled fine delicious delicious president !
a sandwich pickled a pickle .
every pickle with the pickled president understood the floor .
a chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious fine pickle with a delicious perplexed pickle .
the delicious delicious pickled pickled delicious pickled delicious president pickled a chief of staff .
every chief of staff understood every fine floor .
the pickle ate every sandwich !
the pickle under every pickled chief of staff with the president kissed every delicious chief of staff !
the perplexed pickled fine perplexed sandwich ate every fine delicious pickle under a pickled president .
the fine perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a president .
every pickle kissed a chief of staff .
a delicious pickled perplexed delicious fine sandwich understood every delicious pickle !
a pickle ate a fine floor .
a fine delicious sandwich understood every pickled fine perplexed floor !
a fine pickled pickled president kissed every fine pickled perplexed president .
is it true that a pickled pickle understood a perplexed president ?
is it true that every fine floor ate a floor under every pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff on every fine chief of staff under the delicious fine chief of staff kissed a pickled floor ?
a delicious pickle ate every delicious president on every delicious pickled president !
is it true that the delicious pickled floor kissed the fine perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickle ?
the fine pickle kissed the floor !
a delicious chief of staff ate a pickle with every floor !
a perplexed floor ate every sandwich .
the floor ate the fine delicious pickled president .
every pickled chief of staff pickled a chief of staff .
the fine fine pickle with a pickled president kissed every perplexed floor .
the chief of staff ate the pickled chief of staff under a sandwich !
every fine pickled delicious pickle ate the fine fine sandwich on every floor !
a chief of staff pickled every pickle !
the president pickled the pickle .
every pickled delicious perplexed sandwich understood every pickled pickle !
is it true that every president pickled every fine delicious pickled sandwich ?
the sandwich on a chief of staff with every president ate every floor .
every perplexed pickled floor wanted every sandwich !
every president pickled a perplexed floor !
a sandwich ate a pickled sandwich .
the pickle kissed every perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a president !
a fine fine perplexed pickled chief of staff understood every pickled delicious chief of staff !
is it true that the president understood the chief of staff ?
the floor pickled the perplexed fine floor !
a delicious president kissed the pickled chief of staff !
a chief of staff pickled every pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff !
every perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
every president on a delicious delicious fine floor kissed the floor .
a president ate the perplexed pickle .
is it true that the pickle wanted every pickle ?
the chief of staff wanted every pickle !
a delicious delicious pickle pickled a sandwich .
the perplexed pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich !
the president with a pickled delicious chief of staff pickled a chief of staff .
a president wanted a pickle .
a president ate the president under every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious delicious perplexed sandwich !
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every pickled president ?
the sandwich wanted a sandwich .
a chief of staff under every pickled delicious president ate a perplexed fine chief of staff !
is it true that the delicious pickle on every pickled president understood the delicious delicious perplexed president ?
is it true that the floor ate every chief of staff ?
every pickled delicious perplexed fine floor wanted the pickle .
every pickle ate a floor !
every sandwich in the pickle understood a sandwich .
the delicious pickle wanted every delicious perplexed pickle .
a president kissed the delicious chief of staff .
every chief of staff pickled every delicious fine chief of staff .
every sandwich kissed the delicious president .
every president understood the pickle !
is it true that a pickle understood the pickled floor ?
every floor pickled the floor in a delicious pickle !
every pickled pickle wanted the sandwich !
a pickle understood a president .
a pickled fine pickled floor pickled every delicious delicious perplexed delicious president .
every pickled pickle understood the chief of staff .
the sandwich ate a pickled delicious delicious pickle !
a pickle kissed every delicious pickled perplexed pickled floor .
every sandwich kissed the sandwich .
the perplexed pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted every pickle !
is it true that the sandwich wanted every floor ?
a pickle understood the perplexed floor !
the sandwich kissed every fine sandwich .
every pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickled pickled president .
the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle ate a floor .
every sandwich ate a floor !
the president kissed the delicious pickled floor !
the pickle wanted every pickled fine sandwich in every pickle under the president .
the perplexed president ate the sandwich .
the floor understood a delicious delicious fine perplexed president .
a pickle in the perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled president .
the delicious floor understood a pickled floor .
every floor wanted a sandwich !
a pickled delicious chief of staff pickled every sandwich !
a pickle understood the chief of staff under every perplexed perplexed fine president !
the chief of staff ate a pickled president .
every pickled pickled floor pickled every fine pickled pickle !
every pickle understood the pickle in every sandwich .
is it true that a pickle ate a chief of staff with the pickle ?
is it true that a floor kissed the floor ?
the perplexed chief of staff pickled a perplexed floor .
a president with a fine president with the sandwich understood the fine fine chief of staff .
every fine pickled fine pickle wanted a pickled pickle .
a delicious delicious chief of staff on a sandwich with a fine floor on every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
the pickle pickled the chief of staff .
the chief of staff wanted the floor .
every fine pickled chief of staff pickled a delicious perplexed sandwich in a fine floor on every president !
the perplexed delicious pickled pickle ate every pickled delicious perplexed pickled floor .
a delicious pickled delicious delicious fine floor ate the pickle on a perplexed president .
every delicious pickled pickled president ate a fine sandwich !
the pickled pickle ate the pickled pickled pickled pickle .
is it true that the fine pickle kissed a chief of staff ?
the floor pickled every delicious floor .
the pickled delicious perplexed floor wanted the president .
a floor wanted a floor !
every perplexed fine delicious pickle pickled every president on a president .
a perplexed pickle pickled a delicious pickle .
the chief of staff understood a president !
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious pickled sandwich pickled every pickled perplexed chief of staff ?
a delicious floor with every pickle under a delicious fine perplexed delicious pickled perplexed fine perplexed floor under the delicious floor kissed every chief of staff .
a president pickled every delicious delicious delicious perplexed sandwich .
every floor pickled the floor .
every fine pickled president ate a chief of staff !
every perplexed pickled perplexed president wanted the fine perplexed perplexed pickle !
a president kissed a pickled chief of staff !
every sandwich understood the chief of staff .
a fine floor pickled the chief of staff .
every chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
every sandwich kissed a pickled pickled chief of staff .
a delicious chief of staff kissed the floor .
is it true that a floor wanted a pickle ?
the perplexed perplexed floor understood a delicious fine pickled delicious pickled president .
the floor pickled a sandwich !
every president wanted a perplexed pickled delicious fine delicious delicious floor !
every fine perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle .
the fine sandwich pickled every perplexed perplexed sandwich .
every chief of staff wanted every president .
the sandwich ate the floor !
a floor kissed the perplexed president .
a sandwich ate the floor on a floor on a pickled fine pickled chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious sandwich in a pickle understood every chief of staff ?
every sandwich wanted the pickle !
is it true that a pickled floor understood the president ?
the pickle understood a pickle .
every chief of staff on a fine delicious pickled fine president in the fine president ate a floor !
is it true that every pickle ate the perplexed floor ?
the floor pickled a fine sandwich !
a perplexed fine pickle ate the fine pickled delicious pickle .
every delicious pickled pickle kissed a pickle !
a delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickled sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich wanted every fine fine fine floor under every chief of staff .
every delicious president wanted the pickle in the delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled sandwich !
every president understood the perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled delicious fine pickle ate the fine pickled delicious fine perplexed fine delicious pickled fine president .
the pickled chief of staff ate a delicious floor .
a chief of staff wanted the president !
a floor kissed a chief of staff !
a pickle pickled a perplexed fine fine delicious pickled president .
the floor under a president wanted a fine sandwich .
the president understood every delicious fine delicious chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious perplexed pickle understood a perplexed delicious delicious delicious sandwich .
a delicious pickled sandwich kissed the sandwich !
the perplexed delicious chief of staff ate a fine pickled chief of staff .
the fine delicious pickled pickle kissed every pickle !
every delicious pickled delicious delicious sandwich understood a fine pickled president !
a perplexed floor pickled the delicious floor .
a fine sandwich wanted every delicious chief of staff .
a perplexed floor ate every pickled pickled pickle !
is it true that the perplexed fine delicious delicious sandwich with the chief of staff understood the chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickle kissed every pickled president ?
the delicious floor in a pickle kissed a chief of staff .
a floor kissed the delicious president .
a floor wanted the delicious delicious perplexed sandwich under every president .
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
a pickle wanted a fine floor !
a pickled fine delicious fine perplexed fine pickle wanted every perplexed delicious fine perplexed perplexed sandwich !
a delicious sandwich ate the president .
a chief of staff wanted every fine sandwich .
a chief of staff understood every delicious fine chief of staff .
every fine perplexed floor ate a chief of staff .
the floor on the pickle wanted every delicious pickled pickled sandwich !
every chief of staff understood every chief of staff !
the fine sandwich ate every delicious delicious fine sandwich .
every pickled perplexed delicious floor understood a delicious sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed president !
a delicious fine floor on the perplexed perplexed floor understood every pickle .
every perplexed delicious president wanted every pickled pickled floor .
a fine pickled president understood every sandwich .
the delicious delicious fine president understood a pickle !
the fine fine floor ate a floor !
a perplexed pickled perplexed president in every delicious delicious fine president ate every chief of staff .
the fine delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed delicious floor !
every chief of staff ate a floor .
a president kissed the chief of staff !
the pickled pickled pickle ate every president !
the delicious delicious floor ate the pickle .
a pickle pickled a delicious perplexed pickled fine floor .
is it true that a floor kissed a pickled pickle ?
is it true that the pickled chief of staff with every floor ate the pickle ?
every floor ate a perplexed perplexed pickle !
the perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff ate the fine perplexed pickle !
the fine perplexed floor ate a perplexed pickled sandwich .
every president wanted a perplexed floor .
every perplexed perplexed delicious floor ate the perplexed pickled fine delicious perplexed floor with every perplexed chief of staff with a floor .
every fine floor ate every delicious perplexed floor .
every fine pickled president pickled a fine delicious fine sandwich .
every pickled floor on every pickle kissed a delicious pickled president !
the pickled fine perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the pickled fine perplexed fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a pickle understood a fine perplexed president !
every pickled delicious pickled delicious pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the fine floor .
every delicious sandwich pickled the perplexed president .
a pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickled delicious chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
every fine fine perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff with the fine fine pickled chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff .
a pickled fine pickled chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious floor ate the sandwich .
a chief of staff understood the delicious pickled floor !
is it true that the sandwich kissed the delicious chief of staff ?
the fine pickle pickled every pickled delicious chief of staff .
the president pickled a perplexed delicious floor .
the floor in the delicious sandwich understood the fine floor on every pickled pickled pickle .
every perplexed pickle understood a fine chief of staff with the pickled pickle .
a delicious perplexed pickle wanted the pickled chief of staff .
every pickle understood the sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
a perplexed sandwich wanted every delicious floor .
is it true that a chief of staff ate the perplexed pickle ?
the sandwich kissed every delicious fine delicious fine president !
is it true that every pickled delicious chief of staff kissed every pickled pickled chief of staff ?
the president wanted every pickle .
a floor kissed every fine chief of staff .
the fine perplexed delicious pickled president ate every chief of staff .
the sandwich understood the pickled floor !
is it true that the fine perplexed sandwich understood a delicious president ?
the delicious pickled sandwich ate the president !
every floor kissed a president !
the president ate every floor .
a floor wanted the delicious sandwich .
a sandwich ate a pickled floor .
is it true that a president kissed a perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
every sandwich understood the fine perplexed president .
a chief of staff in the pickled pickled chief of staff wanted a pickle !
every delicious president ate every floor .
the delicious chief of staff ate a sandwich .
is it true that every floor wanted every perplexed sandwich ?
the sandwich kissed every pickled chief of staff !
a fine sandwich kissed the sandwich .
is it true that the perplexed fine delicious sandwich understood every chief of staff ?
every pickled chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
the floor ate a pickled chief of staff with every pickle in every floor .
a floor pickled the pickled pickled president .
every chief of staff pickled every floor .
every pickle with every pickled delicious fine sandwich ate every pickle .
every fine fine delicious perplexed pickled delicious sandwich kissed a president .
the chief of staff on every chief of staff pickled every pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickle .
a fine sandwich wanted a perplexed pickled pickled pickled sandwich .
the delicious floor ate a sandwich .
every pickled pickled chief of staff wanted a pickled pickle !
every pickled perplexed delicious president kissed the pickled delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff .
a president wanted a delicious perplexed president !
the president kissed the sandwich .
a delicious fine pickle ate every pickled delicious chief of staff !
the fine chief of staff wanted the pickled fine sandwich .
every perplexed fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff .
every pickled pickle ate the sandwich .
a president on the fine pickled chief of staff ate every perplexed fine delicious president .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich ?
the chief of staff wanted every pickle .
a pickled floor understood every chief of staff .
a fine pickle understood a sandwich .
a delicious chief of staff ate a perplexed pickle .
a delicious pickle kissed a pickle !
every president ate a perplexed floor under the floor !
every perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle .
the delicious pickled perplexed president pickled a perplexed pickled pickle !
every president wanted every floor .
is it true that a floor understood every president with the perplexed pickle ?
the delicious president pickled every sandwich .
every sandwich ate the fine floor !
every pickle pickled the floor !
the chief of staff kissed the fine floor .
the sandwich pickled the pickle .
the perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted a fine sandwich .
every delicious sandwich kissed a pickle !
the pickle understood a perplexed chief of staff .
a pickle on every floor kissed a sandwich on a fine pickle .
the delicious perplexed fine floor wanted every floor .
the president pickled every perplexed perplexed floor .
a fine president on a chief of staff under every pickle pickled every pickled chief of staff .
every sandwich kissed a perplexed perplexed pickle .
the sandwich kissed the pickle .
the pickled chief of staff ate a sandwich .
is it true that every delicious delicious fine floor pickled a chief of staff ?
a pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff .
is it true that every sandwich on every delicious perplexed president pickled every sandwich ?
every president wanted every delicious fine sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff kissed every president on the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff .
every president understood the pickled pickle .
the perplexed floor ate every delicious president !
every pickled pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every delicious president pickled every delicious delicious president ?
every pickle pickled a sandwich .
a perplexed president wanted a delicious president under the pickled pickled delicious fine perplexed perplexed delicious floor .
the floor wanted the perplexed fine delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff kissed every pickle .
every pickle understood every delicious chief of staff !
a pickle ate a perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious perplexed president understood a chief of staff in a fine president ?
is it true that a chief of staff pickled the pickle ?
a floor wanted the chief of staff .
a chief of staff ate every perplexed floor under every president !
a fine delicious pickled sandwich pickled the perplexed sandwich .
is it true that the fine perplexed chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed pickled delicious delicious floor kissed every sandwich ?
the fine perplexed delicious perplexed floor wanted the fine pickle !
a sandwich ate a chief of staff .
the floor understood the perplexed perplexed fine floor .
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate a president .
the chief of staff wanted the perplexed fine fine pickle !
the floor understood the delicious chief of staff .
a pickle ate every perplexed sandwich .
every pickled perplexed pickle kissed every pickled chief of staff .
a pickle kissed every chief of staff !
a fine delicious chief of staff kissed the chief of staff !
the delicious floor wanted every sandwich on a pickled chief of staff .
every sandwich understood the delicious delicious delicious fine pickled fine floor !
every perplexed sandwich pickled the sandwich .
the delicious pickle wanted a fine fine delicious pickle .
every delicious pickle kissed every perplexed sandwich !
every president pickled every chief of staff !
a pickled president wanted the president .
a perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a delicious floor !
a pickle ate the sandwich under a pickled chief of staff !
a perplexed delicious delicious perplexed perplexed pickle wanted every floor !
every perplexed pickled delicious perplexed pickled floor wanted a delicious delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed fine floor .
every delicious fine floor kissed a perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff kissed a fine delicious sandwich !
every pickle understood the pickled pickle .
a floor under every fine perplexed pickled fine delicious fine pickle pickled the fine floor !
every chief of staff understood every president .
every floor ate the sandwich !
every chief of staff wanted the pickle .
a chief of staff pickled the fine chief of staff .
every floor pickled the president .
a pickled delicious pickled sandwich pickled every pickle !
a fine fine delicious chief of staff understood every delicious sandwich !
a floor pickled every sandwich .
the chief of staff ate the floor .
every president ate a sandwich .
the delicious pickle ate the delicious perplexed pickled floor !
a sandwich wanted a perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the chief of staff pickled the pickled delicious fine perplexed pickle !
every president understood every president .
every perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed floor .
a floor pickled the sandwich .
the chief of staff wanted every floor .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled every sandwich with every delicious fine delicious sandwich ?
is it true that the fine floor ate every pickled perplexed president on the delicious fine fine delicious chief of staff ?
every sandwich kissed the president !
every fine perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed president !
a pickled sandwich wanted the sandwich on a fine chief of staff !
a chief of staff wanted every sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich understood a fine perplexed pickled president ?
a delicious floor ate every delicious president !
a sandwich kissed a sandwich .
the fine fine pickle kissed every pickled floor .
the delicious fine pickled president wanted every chief of staff .
a president ate every delicious pickle .
is it true that the pickle on a delicious floor wanted the fine chief of staff ?
the delicious chief of staff pickled every pickle under a president .
is it true that a pickled pickled pickle wanted a president ?
a pickled pickled president pickled every pickled floor .
the pickle understood a president !
a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich pickled every pickled pickled perplexed fine president .
every sandwich with every perplexed perplexed pickled floor ate a pickled perplexed sandwich .
is it true that every pickle wanted a president ?
every perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed a floor .
the delicious president under a fine pickled president pickled a fine delicious pickle .
the president kissed a floor !
a sandwich understood the delicious floor .
every sandwich wanted a pickle !
every pickled floor in the floor understood a delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed president !
every president wanted every delicious chief of staff .
a floor understood every fine delicious president .
is it true that the pickled president pickled every chief of staff ?
the pickled floor pickled the chief of staff !
is it true that the floor ate the chief of staff in the president ?
every fine pickle ate a sandwich !
a delicious fine fine fine fine sandwich pickled the pickled president !
a floor understood the delicious delicious pickle .
every pickled fine perplexed floor pickled a floor under the chief of staff under the delicious pickle in the president !
a chief of staff understood every president !
the chief of staff pickled a perplexed perplexed sandwich !
a perplexed pickled floor understood a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious floor .
every sandwich pickled every floor .
the floor wanted the floor .
the sandwich pickled the chief of staff !
a fine delicious perplexed pickle wanted every delicious fine president !
a perplexed perplexed pickled president kissed every sandwich !
the president kissed the chief of staff !
a president pickled every delicious fine president .
every sandwich ate every fine delicious president .
the pickle kissed a chief of staff !
every chief of staff wanted the president !
a president kissed every delicious president .
every delicious perplexed delicious pickled floor understood the president .
every pickle kissed every president .
is it true that the president kissed a perplexed president ?
a perplexed pickled fine delicious delicious sandwich on a pickled chief of staff ate a fine fine sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed delicious pickle wanted the president !
a perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious president pickled a pickled pickled pickled fine floor .
the president ate every sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff kissed a president in every pickled fine fine sandwich .
the president wanted the president .
every pickled floor kissed every perplexed floor .
every chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
every fine pickled fine perplexed perplexed perplexed fine floor in a pickle on a delicious fine delicious fine delicious president pickled a president .
every delicious fine floor pickled every chief of staff .
every floor pickled the delicious president !
is it true that the pickled pickled chief of staff pickled a sandwich ?
a floor pickled every president !
the perplexed sandwich understood the chief of staff on a president !
every floor wanted the president .
a perplexed delicious perplexed fine president understood a sandwich .
every delicious president ate a floor .
every delicious chief of staff pickled a chief of staff on the pickle .
is it true that the perplexed delicious perplexed pickled delicious sandwich kissed every fine pickled floor ?
is it true that the chief of staff wanted the floor in every pickled pickle under the chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickle under every chief of staff with the chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious chief of staff ?
the chief of staff understood every fine fine perplexed delicious pickle .
the sandwich understood every president .
a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle understood every chief of staff .
every sandwich understood a delicious pickled chief of staff .
a fine pickled delicious perplexed president ate the perplexed fine pickled pickle .
the chief of staff with every pickle ate the pickled pickled sandwich !
the pickled perplexed fine chief of staff understood a sandwich !
a floor in a pickle understood a delicious sandwich .
a floor kissed every president !
a floor wanted every fine perplexed floor .
a pickled floor kissed a pickle .
the perplexed president ate the floor !
is it true that the delicious perplexed president wanted the chief of staff ?
is it true that a fine delicious pickled delicious floor pickled every pickle on the floor in every pickle ?
a pickle understood a delicious fine pickle !
a delicious floor kissed every delicious sandwich .
a perplexed delicious delicious sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
a fine fine perplexed pickled perplexed fine pickled perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the delicious floor !
is it true that the floor with the delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted a president ?
a pickled sandwich kissed a fine delicious floor on the pickled delicious sandwich .
the president pickled every chief of staff .
a delicious chief of staff understood every pickled pickle .
the sandwich understood every delicious delicious delicious perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed president kissed every president !
a delicious president pickled every delicious sandwich !
a floor understood the perplexed pickle !
is it true that a sandwich kissed a delicious sandwich ?
the pickled pickle pickled the fine fine delicious chief of staff .
every pickle understood every pickled delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the delicious fine president wanted every delicious perplexed fine pickle ?
a pickled fine president understood every fine pickled floor !
every delicious chief of staff wanted every president .
the pickled fine delicious fine pickle understood every chief of staff .
the delicious fine sandwich understood the president with every floor in a fine perplexed sandwich .
the pickle pickled every chief of staff !
every perplexed pickle pickled a pickled pickled delicious fine delicious chief of staff .
every fine perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed fine pickle pickled the pickle .
the floor kissed every president under every fine delicious chief of staff !
a delicious sandwich ate a pickle on the perplexed sandwich .
every pickled floor pickled every fine pickle under the delicious fine president .
a pickled pickled pickle understood every fine floor .
a chief of staff understood the fine floor !
a president pickled every pickled fine pickle .
is it true that the pickled fine pickle kissed every delicious delicious pickle ?
a sandwich ate every pickled floor .
is it true that a sandwich wanted the fine pickled sandwich ?
a fine pickle understood the pickled perplexed sandwich !
a delicious fine delicious delicious president understood every pickled fine pickle .
every perplexed perplexed fine fine floor understood the perplexed pickle .
the delicious delicious pickle wanted a president .
a pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed perplexed pickled fine floor .
a floor ate every fine chief of staff .
a pickle pickled every chief of staff .
the pickle wanted the delicious pickled delicious fine perplexed pickled chief of staff .
every delicious president wanted the sandwich in the pickle with a pickled floor on a president .
every perplexed fine sandwich ate a pickled delicious pickled delicious delicious pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed president ate a chief of staff !
a sandwich pickled every fine delicious fine pickled fine chief of staff .
a pickle ate the fine perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle wanted the chief of staff ?
a delicious pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff .
is it true that the fine fine chief of staff wanted the pickled fine president ?
is it true that every delicious perplexed delicious sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich ?
every floor ate every chief of staff .
every chief of staff kissed the president .
a perplexed president kissed the fine chief of staff .
is it true that the president understood the perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
a fine sandwich understood a floor .
every pickle pickled the pickled fine president .
every president wanted every perplexed delicious floor .
the perplexed floor wanted the fine perplexed pickled delicious perplexed fine delicious delicious floor !
is it true that the fine floor kissed a floor ?
the floor understood the president !
a fine pickle with the pickle wanted every delicious delicious chief of staff .
a fine delicious perplexed president ate the fine pickled floor with the delicious sandwich !
a floor kissed every pickle !
the pickle ate the pickled floor !
the chief of staff ate the fine president !
a fine perplexed floor understood the pickled pickle !
the pickled delicious perplexed floor kissed every pickled chief of staff .
every delicious sandwich pickled the chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed a sandwich .
a floor pickled every pickle .
the chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a fine fine pickle wanted the fine president .
the pickle understood a perplexed fine pickle .
every pickle ate a chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
the president understood every floor under a floor .
a sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich !
is it true that every delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed floor ?
a delicious fine chief of staff pickled the fine pickle .
every president wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious president ate the pickled floor ?
is it true that every perplexed president in every sandwich kissed every perplexed sandwich ?
the president understood a delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the pickled pickled pickled floor ate the fine president ?
is it true that every fine floor wanted the fine president with a pickled pickled sandwich in a pickled president ?
a delicious perplexed president in a pickled perplexed delicious fine pickle ate every perplexed president .
is it true that every pickled pickle understood every fine fine chief of staff ?
every sandwich pickled every delicious sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a sandwich ?
every pickled sandwich understood a president !
the perplexed floor kissed the delicious pickle .
a fine pickle ate the fine chief of staff .
a sandwich with every chief of staff wanted a perplexed president .
a sandwich pickled the sandwich .
a delicious fine fine fine president pickled every chief of staff .
a pickled perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff with every fine president pickled a fine delicious president in a president .
the perplexed floor wanted a president .
every president understood a delicious pickled floor .
a floor kissed the sandwich .
the delicious pickle kissed the pickled fine president .
every floor ate the delicious perplexed fine fine pickled pickled pickle .
a perplexed fine delicious president understood the floor !
is it true that every pickle ate the sandwich ?
every fine delicious president pickled every perplexed delicious pickle in every sandwich in the pickled president on a sandwich with every delicious floor .
a fine sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
the delicious pickle wanted the pickled perplexed floor on a perplexed pickle with the floor !
every pickle ate every sandwich .
the pickled chief of staff pickled a delicious chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every chief of staff ?
the floor understood a president !
every floor ate a delicious chief of staff .
every delicious fine perplexed pickled perplexed floor pickled every delicious floor .
is it true that every fine floor pickled every delicious floor ?
is it true that the floor kissed the chief of staff with the fine pickle ?
every chief of staff understood the pickle .
the sandwich pickled a pickle .
a president with the fine pickled sandwich kissed every sandwich !
a sandwich ate a president .
is it true that every fine pickled sandwich with every president under a president pickled every delicious floor ?
the perplexed perplexed perplexed president in the president on a floor with a pickle on every fine floor with the floor ate every perplexed pickle .
the perplexed pickled sandwich on the president understood the delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff wanted every floor in every president .
the fine delicious delicious pickled fine president kissed every pickle .
every perplexed chief of staff understood every chief of staff !
every pickle pickled every pickled delicious floor .
the pickle wanted a pickle .
every fine sandwich wanted a president !
every perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickle .
every president understood every delicious floor .
every sandwich pickled a delicious floor .
the pickle understood every pickled sandwich .
every president wanted a pickled pickled pickled president !
a fine president ate the perplexed president !
a delicious delicious president kissed every pickled delicious sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the president .
is it true that every floor wanted every floor ?
the perplexed president wanted every pickle .
every pickled chief of staff wanted the president !
every chief of staff kissed every sandwich !
is it true that a delicious perplexed president pickled the fine pickled perplexed fine president ?
every floor with every perplexed fine pickle pickled every chief of staff .
every fine pickled president kissed the perplexed pickle .
every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed floor wanted every pickle .
every fine floor ate a delicious floor .
every delicious fine sandwich ate a pickled fine perplexed chief of staff !
every pickled floor understood a floor .
every chief of staff ate the perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
every fine sandwich wanted a pickle .
every fine perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickle kissed every delicious chief of staff .
the pickled delicious floor ate a perplexed pickle !
the president wanted a delicious president .
every pickled chief of staff ate every pickle with a perplexed chief of staff !
every pickle pickled the sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed every floor with every president .
a perplexed fine sandwich understood the chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich understood every president ?
a pickle wanted every delicious president .
is it true that a fine perplexed perplexed fine floor wanted the pickle ?
is it true that the pickle kissed a pickle ?
is it true that a pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed floor ?
the fine pickled fine perplexed fine chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed a floor !
a chief of staff understood a pickle !
a sandwich ate the floor !
a delicious president ate every pickle !
the chief of staff ate the president .
the sandwich wanted every pickled floor .
a delicious pickled president ate every president with a fine delicious perplexed fine fine perplexed pickled pickled fine perplexed fine delicious pickled chief of staff !
a fine president pickled a sandwich .
the sandwich understood a perplexed pickle with every perplexed fine chief of staff .
every pickle understood the chief of staff .
a floor in every perplexed delicious pickled pickled pickled chief of staff wanted the perplexed sandwich .
the pickled president understood every pickle under every floor in every president .
the fine fine pickle ate every perplexed president .
every delicious pickle pickled the delicious pickled pickled fine chief of staff .
a floor ate the pickle .
every pickle ate a pickled pickle !
the president pickled a president !
a delicious pickled chief of staff ate every pickle !
every president ate every fine perplexed floor .
the fine floor kissed every perplexed sandwich .
a fine pickled fine perplexed perplexed floor understood the fine delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff kissed every fine pickle !
every delicious sandwich understood a perplexed president !
the pickled sandwich ate a pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a fine president ?
is it true that the delicious perplexed fine floor pickled a fine perplexed perplexed president ?
every sandwich wanted every delicious floor .
a sandwich understood a sandwich .
the floor under the fine pickled president understood a pickled president !
the perplexed president wanted a pickled perplexed pickle .
is it true that every delicious pickle kissed the pickled sandwich ?
the delicious president under the pickle pickled the fine president .
the fine president wanted every fine sandwich .
the delicious pickled sandwich wanted every fine chief of staff .
every fine pickle kissed every delicious perplexed perplexed president !
the fine president pickled the pickle under every perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff !
every perplexed pickle wanted a floor .
every sandwich understood every chief of staff .
the perplexed fine floor wanted the perplexed fine president !
every delicious fine delicious pickled fine perplexed president in a delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed chief of staff with every fine pickle .
every pickle ate the perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff on every fine floor understood a floor !
a pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled sandwich pickled a pickled sandwich .
the floor ate the pickle .
the perplexed pickle ate every chief of staff .
a fine floor ate a delicious pickled president !
every chief of staff pickled a pickle !
is it true that a chief of staff understood every pickle with the pickled pickle ?
every perplexed pickled sandwich ate a delicious floor !
the delicious sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood every president .
a chief of staff kissed a fine delicious sandwich .
the president pickled a pickled fine floor .
the fine pickle wanted the fine pickled pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich ate every perplexed pickle !
a perplexed president wanted every pickle !
a sandwich pickled the floor .
the pickle pickled the pickled delicious floor .
the pickle wanted a pickle !
is it true that the president understood the floor ?
a fine floor pickled the pickle !
a delicious fine perplexed floor kissed a president !
every president pickled a fine chief of staff .
is it true that a sandwich wanted a perplexed president ?
is it true that the delicious pickled chief of staff kissed every president ?
a pickled pickled president wanted every delicious floor under every sandwich .
the floor ate a floor !
is it true that the pickled chief of staff in the floor on the pickle kissed a president ?
every pickled floor kissed a pickled floor .
every fine pickle wanted a fine chief of staff !
the president under the pickle ate the sandwich !
the pickled delicious perplexed fine sandwich understood the president !
a chief of staff on a pickled perplexed fine pickled fine pickle ate the delicious president .
is it true that a floor kissed every fine pickle ?
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted a president ?
a floor on a pickle ate the chief of staff .
is it true that a fine delicious fine president ate every floor ?
every delicious delicious chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
a fine delicious floor understood a pickled perplexed president on the delicious pickled pickled chief of staff .
every pickle ate a perplexed pickle on every pickled pickle on the fine pickle !
every pickle pickled the pickled pickled fine president .
every chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed fine pickle !
every president ate a perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff ate every fine sandwich .
a fine pickled fine pickle ate the president .
the delicious pickle understood the delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff with the delicious pickled pickle !
every pickled fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious floor ate the delicious pickled delicious fine pickled perplexed floor .
the delicious floor wanted every perplexed president .
a perplexed sandwich kissed a perplexed delicious floor on a president .
every fine floor pickled the pickled perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president .
is it true that every floor ate a pickle ?
the fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich pickled a pickle .
a floor understood a sandwich .
a president ate a pickle under the chief of staff !
is it true that the fine president understood the delicious pickled fine delicious chief of staff ?
a perplexed pickle kissed the delicious floor .
is it true that a delicious floor wanted every perplexed fine perplexed sandwich ?
every sandwich kissed the pickle !
a fine sandwich kissed every pickle .
is it true that every fine pickled pickle under the delicious chief of staff kissed every sandwich ?
every pickled pickled sandwich ate the pickle .
a perplexed delicious fine delicious chief of staff ate the fine delicious fine chief of staff .
every fine perplexed chief of staff wanted every floor in a pickled pickled pickle !
every fine pickled floor wanted a pickled delicious president .
is it true that every pickle understood the delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled delicious delicious fine delicious perplexed pickle ?
a sandwich pickled the president !
every perplexed floor kissed the delicious sandwich .
every floor kissed the perplexed president !
a pickle pickled the chief of staff !
the president wanted a delicious delicious pickle .
every perplexed perplexed president wanted every pickle .
every perplexed pickle pickled the pickled delicious delicious delicious chief of staff .
the fine floor ate a pickle !
a perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious pickled sandwich !
every perplexed perplexed pickled pickle on a sandwich wanted the pickled delicious delicious delicious sandwich .
a pickle pickled every pickled perplexed pickle .
a pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff on every chief of staff !
every delicious delicious chief of staff pickled the perplexed sandwich !
every floor in a sandwich kissed the fine perplexed sandwich .
the floor understood every pickled fine sandwich !
a chief of staff kissed every pickled floor !
a sandwich kissed the chief of staff under the president .
every chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickle !
is it true that every perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every delicious chief of staff understood a fine fine delicious delicious pickle ?
the floor understood every fine sandwich .
a delicious floor pickled every chief of staff .
the perplexed perplexed president pickled every president .
the pickled sandwich pickled every sandwich !
is it true that the pickled president ate the chief of staff ?
every delicious perplexed pickle wanted the fine president .
the pickled sandwich ate a perplexed sandwich .
the fine perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the fine sandwich .
a president ate every pickled president .
the perplexed pickled chief of staff ate every chief of staff on a perplexed pickle !
a floor ate the floor on a sandwich .
every sandwich understood every perplexed sandwich in every chief of staff .
every pickled chief of staff kissed every floor .
every chief of staff pickled a perplexed delicious president .
is it true that every floor ate the pickled delicious delicious president ?
every perplexed perplexed fine president wanted a perplexed fine fine perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the president pickled a delicious pickled delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff under the chief of staff kissed every perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich .
the delicious fine perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff with every perplexed perplexed president pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that every president pickled every fine perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that a chief of staff understood every fine sandwich ?
the pickled pickle understood a delicious perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a floor kissed a delicious sandwich ?
every perplexed pickled fine president under the pickle in the sandwich wanted the floor .
the pickle understood every pickle .
is it true that a delicious chief of staff pickled every floor under every sandwich ?
the president understood every sandwich .
the president wanted every delicious floor .
a fine perplexed fine pickle kissed a president !
every president kissed a delicious delicious delicious floor .
every pickle wanted a president .
every pickle pickled the pickled sandwich .
the floor kissed a floor on the pickle !
the floor ate a perplexed floor .
every pickled fine pickled pickled pickled chief of staff on a president pickled a president .
every sandwich pickled a president !
a president with every floor ate a perplexed president .
every pickled perplexed pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff .
every delicious delicious pickled chief of staff ate every sandwich !
is it true that every delicious pickle ate the sandwich ?
a chief of staff kissed every fine delicious fine delicious perplexed fine pickled delicious delicious delicious chief of staff .
the president pickled the floor .
the fine pickle wanted a delicious fine perplexed floor !
a president understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a fine pickled president understood every chief of staff ?
every fine delicious pickle kissed the perplexed delicious fine floor !
is it true that a perplexed pickle understood a fine sandwich ?
every sandwich ate a pickled sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickle ?
the fine sandwich pickled every pickle !
the pickle ate every delicious perplexed delicious delicious sandwich !
every pickle wanted a fine fine president on the sandwich .
a president wanted the delicious chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled floor kissed a chief of staff ?
every pickled perplexed sandwich understood every pickled pickled floor with a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed floor .
a pickle ate every delicious sandwich .
is it true that every fine perplexed delicious sandwich understood the fine president ?
the fine perplexed floor pickled a chief of staff !
a pickle in every pickled chief of staff pickled a pickle !
the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich understood a perplexed pickle !
is it true that every floor ate the perplexed delicious fine floor ?
every president understood a chief of staff .
a president pickled a chief of staff .
every fine fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff under every fine pickled president kissed every perplexed president !
the floor wanted every floor .
the chief of staff kissed the pickled fine perplexed floor .
is it true that a pickle pickled every pickle ?
is it true that the pickled perplexed floor pickled the floor ?
the chief of staff understood the sandwich !
every floor kissed a sandwich .
a pickle understood a floor .
a perplexed sandwich ate a president on a chief of staff !
every president understood a perplexed fine fine floor !
a pickle pickled the pickled sandwich !
every floor wanted every chief of staff .
every pickled perplexed president kissed every fine delicious pickled pickle .
is it true that the floor with the delicious delicious fine delicious fine pickled fine sandwich wanted a pickled delicious fine pickled fine floor ?
the sandwich pickled a floor .
every delicious pickled fine delicious fine sandwich understood every pickle .
every pickled pickle wanted a delicious sandwich .
is it true that every pickled president understood every chief of staff ?
every delicious pickled sandwich understood a pickle !
a floor kissed the pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickled fine delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich pickled a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed fine delicious fine pickle ?
a perplexed pickled fine delicious floor kissed a fine president .
the president wanted a floor !
is it true that every perplexed pickle pickled every president ?
every chief of staff kissed every perplexed president on every sandwich .
the pickled pickled pickle understood the pickle .
every sandwich understood every sandwich in the pickle .
the sandwich understood the delicious delicious floor !
a fine pickled president kissed a sandwich under every chief of staff !
a pickled fine perplexed pickle pickled every sandwich !
the sandwich kissed every sandwich !
is it true that the fine floor ate a chief of staff ?
every president wanted a chief of staff .
every floor understood the perplexed pickled perplexed floor !
is it true that the pickle pickled every pickle ?
a chief of staff kissed the pickle !
a sandwich ate every chief of staff .
every delicious floor on every fine perplexed chief of staff wanted the sandwich under a delicious delicious chief of staff .
a pickle understood every delicious floor .
the pickle understood every sandwich .
every pickle pickled every sandwich .
is it true that a fine pickled pickled fine chief of staff understood every sandwich ?
the chief of staff pickled every president .
the floor on a pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff .
the sandwich ate the perplexed pickled sandwich .
is it true that a fine fine sandwich wanted every fine perplexed perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff ?
a pickled perplexed floor on every pickle understood every delicious floor .
every president ate the chief of staff in every pickled delicious fine sandwich .
every pickled pickled president kissed every pickle .
the chief of staff wanted a floor !
every delicious president ate every delicious pickle .
is it true that the floor understood a fine president ?
a chief of staff kissed every floor !
every pickle understood every fine pickled president !
every floor pickled the chief of staff .
the floor understood every delicious delicious pickled floor .
every chief of staff kissed the sandwich with the pickle under every sandwich !
every fine floor kissed the fine pickled pickled perplexed president !
the delicious floor kissed every sandwich .
every president on every floor pickled a president in the chief of staff .
the sandwich pickled the pickle .
a fine chief of staff ate a pickled sandwich !
every pickle ate a pickle .
every delicious floor kissed a perplexed floor !
every president pickled every president in every delicious president !
a chief of staff pickled the delicious fine floor under every chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickled pickle ?
every pickle kissed every pickle .
every chief of staff understood the delicious delicious president .
is it true that every pickle understood a pickled delicious chief of staff ?
every sandwich pickled every president .
is it true that a delicious fine president pickled every pickled fine delicious perplexed pickle ?
a floor ate every chief of staff .
a president ate a delicious sandwich !
every perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled every chief of staff !
the president understood a floor .
the pickle understood every chief of staff .
the delicious sandwich on the fine floor wanted the pickled floor !
the perplexed chief of staff pickled the president !
the pickle under every president understood the pickle .
the floor understood every pickled pickle .
a chief of staff understood every sandwich .
a delicious delicious floor in the pickle understood the fine perplexed fine fine fine fine pickle with the fine floor with the sandwich under the chief of staff on a floor .
is it true that a sandwich pickled every fine perplexed delicious pickled pickled sandwich ?
a floor kissed every pickled perplexed president .
the pickle ate a president !
a chief of staff wanted the fine sandwich under every pickled fine sandwich .
is it true that the pickled delicious pickled president ate a sandwich ?
the chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious sandwich !
every floor under the fine delicious president wanted a fine pickled floor .
the sandwich pickled a pickled delicious sandwich !
the pickled chief of staff pickled a fine perplexed pickle !
every pickle pickled a fine perplexed sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickled sandwich .
the chief of staff understood every delicious pickle .
the chief of staff ate the chief of staff !
a delicious perplexed pickle understood the fine fine president on the sandwich !
is it true that every delicious floor wanted the floor ?
the floor kissed a perplexed delicious pickled president !
a perplexed fine perplexed president kissed every floor .
the floor kissed a pickle .
a fine pickled chief of staff ate a floor .
every pickled pickled chief of staff in a pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed every president .
every sandwich kissed a pickled delicious floor .
is it true that the fine floor understood the sandwich ?
the delicious fine fine pickled perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff pickled every perplexed perplexed floor !
every floor kissed the pickle .
the fine delicious fine fine perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickle ate the chief of staff .
the chief of staff pickled a perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a pickled pickled fine perplexed fine fine delicious fine delicious fine sandwich understood the fine floor on every fine chief of staff !
the perplexed president ate a delicious perplexed perplexed president .
the sandwich pickled a pickle .
the perplexed delicious fine fine sandwich understood the floor .
is it true that the sandwich understood every floor ?
a pickle understood a chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed every president .
every sandwich understood the fine fine president .
a chief of staff with a floor wanted every delicious pickled floor !
the fine pickle ate a perplexed pickle on the delicious delicious pickled pickled fine pickled fine pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickled sandwich .
a pickle ate every floor .
the delicious sandwich on the perplexed fine delicious pickled delicious fine floor ate a fine fine pickled president .
a floor kissed the perplexed sandwich with every perplexed sandwich .
every delicious fine pickled chief of staff kissed a president !
a pickle ate a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed sandwich .
the perplexed fine fine pickled delicious pickle kissed a fine pickled president !
every pickle kissed every fine fine chief of staff .
every perplexed sandwich ate a president .
the sandwich ate the pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich under every delicious fine chief of staff wanted the fine floor ?
is it true that every pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed president ?
every president wanted every pickle .
the sandwich ate a pickle under every sandwich .
the pickled perplexed pickle understood every fine floor .
every pickled pickled president pickled a fine sandwich .
every pickled floor wanted a perplexed perplexed president .
a fine chief of staff ate a pickle !
is it true that the delicious delicious delicious floor ate every fine pickled pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the sandwich ?
every floor wanted a pickle .
the president pickled a chief of staff .
the fine pickle understood the sandwich !
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich !
is it true that every delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff understood every president ?
a sandwich pickled every sandwich .
every floor pickled the floor .
every sandwich with a president understood a floor .
every delicious pickled chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff .
a president under a sandwich kissed a delicious president !
a fine floor pickled a fine president .
the pickle kissed a sandwich .
a delicious delicious delicious floor wanted every perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a floor wanted a pickled fine perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickled president kissed a president .
every fine chief of staff wanted the pickle .
every delicious delicious chief of staff understood every chief of staff .
is it true that a fine pickle pickled the fine pickled chief of staff ?
every perplexed president pickled a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that every chief of staff understood a president ?
a president understood every fine delicious pickle !
the perplexed floor pickled the sandwich !
a floor ate every president .
a chief of staff wanted a fine fine pickle .
a delicious fine pickle understood every fine president .
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
a chief of staff ate every fine chief of staff .
every fine fine pickled chief of staff wanted a floor in a pickle in a president .
every president ate a chief of staff .
a president wanted a president !
is it true that the fine floor kissed a president ?
every delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed president ate every chief of staff !
the chief of staff ate every fine sandwich .
a perplexed perplexed pickled pickle in every president ate a fine fine chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious fine president with a delicious chief of staff ate the fine perplexed delicious pickle !
a sandwich kissed a pickle .
the pickled pickled president kissed a pickled delicious fine pickled floor .
a pickled chief of staff understood every pickled sandwich under the fine sandwich .
is it true that every fine floor ate a sandwich ?
the chief of staff on the perplexed fine pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the fine perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich !
a pickled chief of staff wanted every perplexed sandwich in the pickled president .
a president wanted a pickle .
every delicious fine delicious president kissed the pickled floor in every floor .
a sandwich understood every president !
is it true that a sandwich with the perplexed pickled sandwich on a perplexed sandwich pickled a president ?
is it true that a pickled perplexed president in a perplexed delicious pickled pickled floor kissed the pickled delicious perplexed delicious fine delicious perplexed sandwich ?
the pickled president wanted the president .
the perplexed pickle understood the president !
the floor ate every delicious pickled perplexed sandwich on the floor under every sandwich .
a pickled delicious fine fine pickled floor wanted the fine pickle .
every pickled president ate the chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle ate the president ?
is it true that a president kissed every fine sandwich ?
every perplexed delicious delicious president understood every president .
the fine floor wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that the fine pickled floor wanted a delicious fine perplexed pickled fine president ?
the perplexed pickle kissed the pickled pickled president .
every sandwich ate every president .
the pickled delicious delicious pickle understood a perplexed fine delicious pickled pickle !
is it true that the fine pickled pickle pickled the perplexed perplexed president ?
the floor pickled a floor .
every pickle understood the pickled sandwich !
a pickled perplexed delicious floor understood a perplexed delicious perplexed floor .
every fine president understood a fine delicious floor under every pickled floor .
the delicious sandwich with a floor kissed a delicious pickle .
is it true that every floor understood the floor ?
is it true that every sandwich wanted the perplexed chief of staff ?
every president understood a pickle .
a chief of staff wanted every delicious delicious fine floor !
the chief of staff pickled every fine fine delicious perplexed president !
a delicious delicious perplexed pickle ate a president !
a fine floor understood every perplexed perplexed president .
the president kissed a fine pickle !
a delicious chief of staff pickled every chief of staff on every delicious president .
a chief of staff ate the pickle !
a pickled delicious floor kissed every perplexed fine sandwich .
the pickled perplexed president kissed every perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every floor kissed every fine chief of staff on the pickle ?
is it true that a fine fine pickle under the fine perplexed pickled pickled delicious fine pickle kissed every pickle ?
every perplexed chief of staff ate a floor !
a sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
every floor ate every perplexed pickle !
the perplexed floor kissed every perplexed pickled floor .
every fine floor under every fine floor ate a pickle .
every floor ate every delicious fine pickle .
every delicious perplexed fine chief of staff with every sandwich understood every pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted every chief of staff ?
is it true that the delicious president ate the pickled pickle ?
the fine floor ate the fine perplexed fine pickle .
a pickled fine fine pickled delicious perplexed pickled president in a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff under every president !
the perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich !
every floor understood every perplexed pickle .
a perplexed president wanted a floor .
every chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
the perplexed floor understood every pickle !
a chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickle !
a chief of staff ate the delicious pickle .
a pickled floor pickled a chief of staff .
is it true that a fine pickle pickled every delicious chief of staff ?
the delicious chief of staff kissed the delicious pickled sandwich !
every floor wanted the pickled floor .
every president wanted a perplexed pickled perplexed pickle .
the pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff !
the perplexed pickled floor wanted the sandwich !
a president ate a pickled president !
the floor understood the delicious delicious chief of staff with a president .
the chief of staff kissed every fine floor .
the delicious floor pickled every sandwich .
the chief of staff with the pickled perplexed pickled perplexed pickle kissed every delicious delicious perplexed pickled sandwich .
a pickled sandwich pickled every pickled perplexed fine chief of staff !
a pickled floor kissed a chief of staff .
every president pickled a chief of staff .
a perplexed sandwich wanted every pickled sandwich .
a floor pickled every pickled delicious delicious sandwich .
the fine delicious pickled president understood a perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff ate a delicious delicious pickle on every delicious president .
a fine fine chief of staff kissed the president !
the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed pickled pickled delicious sandwich pickled the sandwich !
a chief of staff ate a chief of staff under a pickled fine chief of staff !
every sandwich pickled a perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the floor pickled every perplexed president !
every sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
a perplexed pickle understood the chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled a perplexed pickled floor .
the floor kissed every pickle .
a president pickled the pickled chief of staff !
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff in every pickle !
the perplexed chief of staff understood a president .
the sandwich pickled the pickle !
is it true that a president understood every president ?
every delicious floor pickled a sandwich !
a delicious perplexed perplexed delicious fine pickled sandwich understood every pickle !
every perplexed floor kissed every floor !
a delicious floor wanted every floor .
a floor wanted the chief of staff !
a sandwich understood a president !
every floor pickled the chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff wanted a sandwich on a perplexed floor .
a fine president pickled the floor !
every floor understood a delicious sandwich under every floor .
the chief of staff ate every fine floor .
is it true that the pickle kissed a delicious pickled president ?
every fine chief of staff wanted every pickle .
a president understood the sandwich .
is it true that the pickle understood a fine president ?
is it true that a pickled sandwich wanted the perplexed president ?
every pickled pickled pickle kissed the president !
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
the president kissed a pickled pickled floor !
a sandwich on every sandwich ate a pickled perplexed president .
the delicious fine floor pickled every pickled floor .
every pickled pickle wanted every sandwich !
a fine pickled delicious pickle pickled the fine perplexed pickle !
every pickle understood the chief of staff .
every pickled fine sandwich wanted the perplexed pickled delicious sandwich !
every president with the president understood the pickle .
is it true that a floor understood a fine delicious fine sandwich ?
the chief of staff kissed the floor .
a perplexed chief of staff understood the floor .
every pickle ate a fine president .
every floor pickled the pickled fine pickled sandwich .
every president understood the pickle !
a fine chief of staff wanted every delicious president !
the fine fine sandwich kissed a pickled delicious delicious perplexed perplexed pickled floor .
is it true that the delicious perplexed president wanted a president ?
is it true that a pickled delicious floor pickled a perplexed chief of staff ?
every pickle wanted the pickled sandwich .
the floor understood a sandwich .
is it true that a pickled president understood every pickled pickled floor ?
a fine chief of staff ate the pickled fine floor .
the pickled chief of staff kissed a perplexed chief of staff .
every pickled perplexed fine sandwich under the perplexed president ate a pickled chief of staff .
a floor kissed every pickle !
a perplexed perplexed floor wanted a perplexed pickle !
is it true that every president ate the pickle ?
every pickle ate a chief of staff .
every pickle kissed every pickled fine fine fine fine perplexed sandwich .
a pickle wanted every floor .
every chief of staff wanted every perplexed perplexed perplexed president .
the perplexed delicious pickle ate the perplexed fine perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed fine perplexed fine president .
the sandwich wanted the fine fine chief of staff !
the delicious perplexed floor understood the president .
the pickle pickled the perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed chief of staff understood a pickled fine chief of staff .
is it true that a floor wanted every pickled pickled fine floor ?
a floor pickled the fine president .
every fine chief of staff ate a fine delicious perplexed sandwich .
every chief of staff understood every delicious fine chief of staff !
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
a delicious perplexed delicious president kissed every pickle .
the delicious fine pickled president ate every pickle .
a perplexed president ate the delicious president .
a chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle !
every perplexed chief of staff kissed every fine pickle .
a pickled sandwich ate the fine perplexed floor .
a president kissed every chief of staff .
a fine fine fine pickle pickled a fine perplexed delicious perplexed floor .
is it true that a sandwich wanted every sandwich ?
the president ate the president .
the floor ate the president !
the delicious pickled president pickled the chief of staff !
every perplexed pickle in a president kissed a pickle under the president in the pickle under the chief of staff .
the delicious sandwich wanted a president .
the sandwich wanted a floor .
every floor ate every chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle pickled the pickled delicious pickled pickled president in a perplexed fine delicious fine chief of staff on the pickle ?
a president pickled a floor .
the delicious pickled pickle wanted the delicious pickle !
a delicious fine fine fine perplexed president kissed every chief of staff !
a chief of staff kissed every sandwich .
is it true that the pickled delicious chief of staff understood every president ?
every sandwich ate the pickled pickle !
the chief of staff understood every floor with the fine president !
the floor understood a pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle understood every floor ?
is it true that a perplexed floor with every delicious pickled pickle kissed the pickled sandwich on every pickle in the delicious president ?
is it true that every pickled sandwich pickled the perplexed pickle with every pickled sandwich ?
the pickled fine delicious floor ate a fine chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle pickled every fine president ?
is it true that a perplexed pickled pickled pickled delicious perplexed floor kissed a perplexed president ?
the chief of staff understood every chief of staff !
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
the president in the delicious chief of staff wanted the fine pickle .
every chief of staff kissed the fine president .
a sandwich wanted a perplexed fine sandwich .
a fine perplexed perplexed pickle understood a delicious pickle .
every perplexed chief of staff wanted the delicious floor .
the sandwich kissed a sandwich .
every pickled chief of staff with every floor kissed the perplexed president .
every floor kissed the delicious delicious pickled floor !
every perplexed fine perplexed sandwich understood every pickle .
is it true that every pickle kissed a perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickled perplexed president ?
a pickled pickled delicious delicious fine sandwich pickled a sandwich !
every president kissed every pickle .
is it true that the perplexed pickle wanted the delicious pickled pickle ?
a perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed a delicious president !
is it true that a pickle pickled every president ?
every chief of staff kissed every fine sandwich .
the president wanted the fine pickled pickled president .
the floor pickled a chief of staff .
the floor kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every president ?
every perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted every pickled floor .
the fine pickle understood every chief of staff !
a pickled delicious floor with the sandwich under the sandwich on every pickle understood a pickle under the sandwich .
is it true that a pickled pickle on a delicious sandwich understood every perplexed fine president ?
a pickle wanted every chief of staff .
every sandwich kissed a perplexed sandwich !
a fine fine pickle understood a fine delicious floor .
every floor understood the pickled president .
the president kissed the president .
a pickled delicious pickled pickle understood every delicious delicious delicious delicious pickled sandwich .
the sandwich with every sandwich understood every fine pickled pickle .
a floor in the pickle understood every pickled fine delicious fine chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled sandwich pickled the fine pickled pickle .
the pickle kissed the pickled perplexed pickled pickle .
a president wanted every chief of staff .
every floor pickled the president !
a pickle wanted every chief of staff .
the floor wanted a perplexed fine pickle .
the delicious pickled president wanted a fine sandwich .
a pickle ate every fine president .
a president on the chief of staff ate a fine chief of staff .
the sandwich ate a pickle under every perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed pickled fine pickled sandwich !
the floor understood every perplexed president !
is it true that the sandwich kissed a floor ?
a delicious delicious sandwich kissed every pickle .
is it true that the president pickled every delicious pickle ?
every sandwich wanted every delicious floor .
the pickle kissed every sandwich .
the perplexed pickle kissed the floor !
is it true that the pickled fine pickled fine fine delicious sandwich in a perplexed pickled delicious floor understood a delicious floor on the perplexed pickled fine perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
every sandwich wanted a pickled pickle .
a pickled fine floor kissed a chief of staff .
the sandwich understood every pickled president !
is it true that every floor wanted a floor ?
is it true that a pickled president pickled a fine sandwich ?
a president understood a fine pickle in a floor .
every fine delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed floor .
the delicious fine floor kissed every pickled perplexed president .
a floor pickled the pickled president .
a pickle ate a chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich pickled every perplexed pickled pickle ?
the chief of staff pickled every perplexed perplexed floor .
the fine delicious perplexed pickle under every president understood a sandwich !
a pickled perplexed perplexed pickle pickled every floor .
a floor wanted every president .
the sandwich ate a sandwich .
the perplexed president understood the pickle !
every fine sandwich on every fine sandwich kissed a pickle .
is it true that every fine pickled floor ate every floor ?
is it true that the perplexed president pickled the president ?
the chief of staff pickled every perplexed chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every perplexed floor !
the floor ate every chief of staff !
every floor kissed every fine floor .
the fine perplexed fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickle wanted every chief of staff .
a perplexed president pickled every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
every president ate the president in every pickle .
a delicious president wanted a delicious fine chief of staff !
every pickled fine floor kissed a president .
a president wanted the delicious chief of staff !
a president pickled every perplexed pickled perplexed president !
a perplexed sandwich understood the delicious pickle .
every perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed president pickled a president .
the fine pickled fine sandwich wanted a delicious floor under every pickle on a perplexed floor !
every perplexed fine sandwich wanted every floor under every floor !
the fine floor ate a pickled delicious perplexed floor .
a delicious pickle understood the chief of staff .
every president ate every sandwich .
a perplexed floor ate every perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff understood a delicious fine president .
is it true that the fine fine chief of staff understood the pickled delicious president ?
every sandwich in the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed floor understood every president .
the pickled perplexed fine pickled delicious sandwich wanted every pickle .
every sandwich pickled the pickled delicious floor .
the floor wanted a fine perplexed sandwich under a sandwich !
a delicious president kissed every pickle on every sandwich !
every president kissed every pickled floor !
the pickled perplexed fine sandwich kissed a fine fine pickled fine delicious pickle .
the sandwich pickled the fine president .
is it true that every chief of staff ate a perplexed pickled pickled president ?
every delicious floor pickled the delicious perplexed perplexed pickle !
every fine sandwich understood every fine perplexed perplexed pickled floor .
every president with every pickled pickled delicious sandwich wanted the sandwich !
every delicious pickled perplexed fine floor with every pickled floor wanted the floor .
the perplexed floor understood the sandwich .
the pickle pickled every perplexed fine perplexed fine delicious floor !
the pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that a floor on every sandwich wanted a floor ?
is it true that every president understood the perplexed sandwich ?
every chief of staff ate every pickle .
the perplexed president ate the chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff pickled a pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff under the fine pickle on the fine pickled delicious president kissed the floor ?
every pickle on every delicious floor kissed a floor !
every chief of staff ate every president .
every chief of staff ate a delicious pickled perplexed pickled pickled pickle on a pickle on a floor .
a pickle kissed the floor in every pickle .
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood the pickle ?
the sandwich ate the floor !
the fine fine fine delicious pickle ate the chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled president wanted every sandwich .
the pickle pickled the perplexed fine chief of staff on the fine chief of staff in the floor .
every perplexed delicious chief of staff understood the fine pickled pickle !
a floor kissed every pickle .
the perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious president !
every pickle wanted the pickle under the delicious perplexed pickled perplexed fine delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed pickle ate the perplexed pickle .
a pickle wanted a fine pickled fine perplexed fine delicious president .
a floor wanted every perplexed chief of staff !
the perplexed fine president in a president pickled the president !
the president understood every floor .
every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
the pickled fine delicious president kissed every delicious floor with every president !
the pickled delicious president wanted every president !
every pickled fine sandwich kissed every president .
a perplexed sandwich in every delicious perplexed president ate every fine chief of staff .
the perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the pickle under the president .
a chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
a fine perplexed fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed sandwich !
is it true that a pickle pickled every delicious fine pickled delicious delicious delicious chief of staff ?
a perplexed delicious fine delicious sandwich pickled every delicious perplexed fine sandwich .
the chief of staff kissed every pickle !
the delicious president pickled a floor .
every pickle ate a pickle !
every chief of staff ate a delicious chief of staff !
every pickled chief of staff under the pickled floor under the delicious fine perplexed fine perplexed pickled delicious fine sandwich ate a chief of staff .
a president ate the president .
every fine floor kissed the floor !
every chief of staff understood the delicious president .
the delicious president with every delicious delicious pickled delicious pickle pickled a delicious perplexed floor .
is it true that the perplexed floor ate the pickle ?
is it true that every floor in a chief of staff kissed a pickled floor ?
is it true that a fine fine pickled chief of staff wanted a president ?
is it true that a president wanted the perplexed delicious floor ?
every chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious floor !
a pickled floor understood a sandwich !
a president pickled a president .
every chief of staff pickled the perplexed delicious pickled fine pickle .
a perplexed pickled fine pickled chief of staff ate every pickled pickle .
every pickled floor ate a president .
is it true that every sandwich wanted the fine pickled pickled pickle ?
a pickle understood a president .
every perplexed fine delicious fine floor kissed a chief of staff !
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted every perplexed floor !
every chief of staff understood the fine chief of staff .
every perplexed perplexed floor wanted every delicious delicious chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled the floor .
is it true that a fine president kissed every perplexed sandwich ?
the fine president ate every delicious pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood every fine pickled pickle .
the floor wanted a chief of staff !
every delicious president ate the fine floor !
every floor wanted every pickled fine delicious delicious fine delicious floor .
every delicious pickle with the perplexed floor in the fine pickled floor in every pickle ate every fine floor !
a pickle pickled the fine chief of staff .
every pickle understood every chief of staff .
every pickled pickle understood a sandwich !
is it true that every floor pickled every pickled fine pickled pickled fine delicious perplexed floor ?
a fine fine floor ate every delicious chief of staff !
is it true that the president understood the floor ?
a fine pickled pickled pickled floor pickled a fine president .
is it true that every president understood a chief of staff on every chief of staff ?
a delicious floor wanted a president .
the sandwich in every pickled pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious floor ate a pickle .
the fine perplexed fine pickled sandwich understood every fine delicious sandwich .
the pickled delicious delicious floor kissed the perplexed president .
a chief of staff wanted a president .
is it true that the pickle pickled the chief of staff ?
the chief of staff understood a delicious delicious delicious pickle .
every sandwich ate a president .
a fine delicious fine chief of staff pickled every floor .
a pickled floor understood every delicious perplexed pickle !
the floor pickled every delicious chief of staff .
is it true that every president ate the perplexed perplexed chief of staff ?
the fine fine chief of staff pickled a sandwich under every pickled sandwich on a president on every perplexed fine delicious fine perplexed fine pickled pickled fine fine sandwich !
is it true that the fine sandwich on every chief of staff under a floor under the fine president kissed every delicious pickled chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor pickled a pickle ?
is it true that a president kissed every delicious sandwich ?
every pickled pickle under the pickle kissed a president in a pickle .
a sandwich ate every sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff understood the delicious president ?
a delicious perplexed fine president understood the sandwich !
is it true that a pickled floor ate every fine delicious chief of staff ?
a pickled chief of staff ate every president !
the delicious pickle ate a pickled floor .
is it true that every floor kissed every perplexed fine delicious chief of staff ?
every sandwich understood a perplexed floor .
the floor wanted the sandwich .
every fine pickled chief of staff pickled every floor .
every pickle ate every fine perplexed delicious pickle .
every pickle ate a delicious pickled pickled delicious chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle understood a floor under every pickle ?
is it true that every perplexed pickled pickled delicious delicious pickled perplexed perplexed pickled floor understood every fine chief of staff ?
a sandwich pickled a fine pickled pickled president !
a perplexed floor on the delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted every delicious fine pickle .
is it true that every sandwich ate the perplexed delicious pickle ?
the perplexed pickled pickled sandwich under a delicious floor ate the floor .
the president kissed the sandwich .
a president understood a fine fine perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the fine delicious sandwich pickled a fine president in the pickled delicious sandwich on every floor ?
is it true that a fine fine pickle kissed every delicious pickle ?
every perplexed sandwich wanted a pickled pickled perplexed pickle .
a fine delicious president understood a perplexed delicious delicious fine perplexed floor .
a fine fine fine president understood every president .
a president ate every perplexed perplexed pickle .
every floor kissed every delicious sandwich .
every president in a perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed chief of staff .
the sandwich wanted a delicious pickle .
every delicious sandwich pickled every delicious perplexed perplexed president .
the floor understood a delicious chief of staff .
a floor kissed every perplexed delicious perplexed floor .
every sandwich wanted the pickled delicious president !
every fine floor kissed a pickled delicious pickle .
the sandwich wanted every perplexed fine chief of staff .
a pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff on every sandwich .
every delicious perplexed president ate a pickle .
the fine floor kissed every pickled president .
is it true that a sandwich wanted the pickled floor in every chief of staff on every perplexed perplexed pickled floor ?
every delicious perplexed pickled president in every perplexed pickled pickled sandwich understood every delicious fine pickled chief of staff !
a chief of staff pickled the pickle .
a pickle pickled a floor .
the president kissed the president .
a delicious floor kissed the delicious fine delicious chief of staff .
every president wanted a perplexed chief of staff under the pickle .
a pickle kissed the pickle !
the fine pickle pickled every chief of staff !
a perplexed pickled floor in the president on every floor understood every pickle .
is it true that a president understood every president ?
is it true that the pickle ate the fine sandwich ?
the perplexed perplexed fine fine pickle kissed a pickle !
the pickle pickled every delicious pickle .
every fine president ate the perplexed sandwich !
a pickled delicious floor ate the pickle .
the fine floor pickled a floor !
every pickled president in the fine president understood a floor .
the chief of staff understood the sandwich in the perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff !
is it true that a perplexed fine pickled sandwich wanted every chief of staff ?
every perplexed delicious fine president understood every sandwich on a floor .
the perplexed chief of staff ate a floor .
the fine floor wanted every fine pickle .
the delicious president kissed a president .
every president wanted a fine delicious pickle .
the sandwich kissed the fine sandwich .
is it true that every fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed sandwich wanted a president ?
every pickled fine fine fine president pickled the president .
every president wanted a delicious floor !
every perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the sandwich with the delicious floor .
every fine pickled fine perplexed delicious floor ate the president .
a fine president wanted a pickled president .
every pickle kissed every perplexed sandwich on the delicious delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that a pickle understood every president ?
is it true that the pickled sandwich kissed a pickle ?
a pickle ate a pickle .
is it true that every sandwich wanted the pickle ?
the perplexed perplexed delicious fine sandwich understood a president .
is it true that the floor understood every pickle ?
every sandwich understood every pickle .
every chief of staff understood a pickle .
a floor on every fine pickled delicious fine sandwich wanted a president .
a floor wanted the delicious president .
is it true that every pickled floor pickled the pickled pickled pickle under every pickled fine pickled pickle ?
is it true that every perplexed perplexed delicious delicious perplexed sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that the delicious fine pickle with the perplexed sandwich understood every chief of staff in the perplexed pickle ?
the delicious fine fine sandwich wanted every pickled pickled floor !
every pickled pickled perplexed pickle pickled every pickled sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that the floor ate every chief of staff with a delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
a fine president pickled a president .
the delicious pickled president understood every perplexed delicious pickle .
every perplexed president ate a pickled sandwich .
every perplexed floor kissed every perplexed perplexed floor !
every pickled sandwich kissed a pickle .
the president pickled every fine sandwich .
every pickle pickled every floor .
every president pickled the floor .
the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich wanted every perplexed floor !
is it true that a sandwich understood the perplexed fine pickle ?
a fine president pickled the pickled pickled delicious chief of staff !
a pickle understood every delicious delicious pickle .
every chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich .
a fine perplexed pickle ate every fine delicious fine delicious perplexed perplexed floor .
is it true that every perplexed delicious perplexed pickled president understood every perplexed delicious president ?
every president on a fine floor understood the floor .
every pickle on a president wanted the floor .
every sandwich pickled a pickled pickle .
the chief of staff on every floor pickled a sandwich .
a fine sandwich pickled the floor .
the delicious pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every president pickled every pickle ?
every sandwich understood the perplexed floor with the delicious sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled the pickle .
a pickled perplexed pickled president under a pickle on every pickled floor ate every floor !
a president wanted a president .
a pickle pickled the chief of staff .
a pickled fine pickled sandwich understood the sandwich !
a delicious delicious pickle understood the pickled sandwich .
the fine chief of staff kissed a pickle .
the pickle ate the sandwich .
a pickle with every delicious fine floor wanted a floor .
is it true that a pickled pickle with every pickled chief of staff kissed every chief of staff ?
a president kissed every chief of staff !
a chief of staff ate a sandwich .
is it true that the pickled perplexed president wanted the sandwich ?
is it true that every pickled pickled pickled pickled pickle with a pickled delicious fine perplexed sandwich ate every fine chief of staff ?
the fine fine pickle on the fine chief of staff with every pickled pickle kissed the pickle .
every perplexed sandwich wanted every fine chief of staff under a floor .
every sandwich pickled every perplexed fine floor !
the perplexed delicious fine president ate a pickle .
a floor understood the floor .
a pickled pickle kissed the sandwich !
the fine pickle pickled the pickled pickled perplexed pickled perplexed pickle !
a pickle ate every pickle !
the chief of staff wanted every perplexed delicious perplexed floor !
a perplexed fine pickled delicious chief of staff ate a president .
a pickled pickled pickled delicious sandwich ate a pickle !
the fine delicious floor ate the pickle !
the floor understood the president .
the floor wanted every fine pickled delicious pickled perplexed pickle !
the sandwich ate a president .
a floor wanted a sandwich .
a fine perplexed delicious delicious fine floor understood every fine sandwich !
every perplexed floor with the delicious president pickled a pickled pickled delicious floor !
every delicious pickled fine floor ate the president !
the pickle pickled every sandwich .
a floor wanted a president .
every president with every fine president kissed the delicious fine delicious perplexed pickled fine fine chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff on every sandwich understood the pickle ?
the delicious sandwich wanted the president .
every pickle wanted every pickle .
a delicious president on the sandwich wanted the floor .
every pickle wanted every pickle .
every pickled pickle pickled the perplexed perplexed sandwich .
the fine chief of staff understood a perplexed fine president !
a floor understood a perplexed pickle under the president !
is it true that every delicious pickle under the perplexed perplexed pickled pickle understood a sandwich on a fine president ?
a chief of staff ate a fine pickled pickle .
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
a sandwich pickled a delicious delicious delicious president .
the perplexed sandwich understood a fine chief of staff .
the perplexed floor ate the delicious floor !
every floor understood the floor !
the delicious fine fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickled sandwich !
the president understood every sandwich !
is it true that every pickle understood the chief of staff ?
the chief of staff kissed the delicious pickle .
the perplexed perplexed pickle kissed a fine sandwich .
a perplexed pickle wanted a sandwich .
every pickled chief of staff pickled every pickle !
the pickled delicious pickle ate the floor .
every floor pickled the pickled chief of staff .
a floor pickled the floor .
is it true that a floor wanted a perplexed fine perplexed perplexed president ?
every perplexed chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff with a pickled sandwich !
a delicious perplexed pickled floor with the pickle ate the pickled president !
the floor pickled every floor .
is it true that every pickle ate every perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff ?
the sandwich pickled a perplexed sandwich .
a fine sandwich understood the perplexed sandwich .
every pickled fine delicious sandwich understood a pickle .
every pickle ate the pickled sandwich .
a perplexed pickle kissed the chief of staff !
every pickle ate a perplexed pickled chief of staff !
a floor understood every chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff understood a fine sandwich ?
every pickle ate the chief of staff .
a fine delicious delicious president with every perplexed floor kissed the pickled pickle .
every floor wanted every perplexed pickle .
the pickle pickled the floor !
the fine floor pickled the floor .
every chief of staff in a fine floor understood a fine perplexed president !
a sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
a perplexed sandwich understood a sandwich !
every chief of staff wanted every fine chief of staff .
every pickle ate the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff under every president .
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff !
the president pickled a floor .
is it true that every pickled floor pickled the chief of staff on the pickle in a fine floor with a sandwich ?
the delicious president on a pickle wanted the pickle !
every floor understood a delicious chief of staff .
the pickle kissed every perplexed pickle .
the delicious floor understood the chief of staff .
every president kissed the president !
every sandwich on every fine delicious chief of staff understood the floor !
every chief of staff ate a delicious chief of staff in every president .
a pickle kissed a delicious chief of staff !
a fine floor kissed every delicious chief of staff .
a pickled pickle wanted every pickled pickled delicious president .
the chief of staff ate every fine pickled fine pickle .
a fine sandwich pickled a perplexed sandwich .
every pickle understood the pickle !
the perplexed fine chief of staff understood every sandwich !
every perplexed pickled fine sandwich with the president kissed a perplexed pickle !
the floor understood a floor .
a fine president ate a pickled perplexed president .
the perplexed chief of staff ate every fine president in every pickle .
the pickled fine chief of staff wanted the floor .
every perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich !
the president kissed the pickle on the chief of staff .
the pickled pickled pickle kissed every chief of staff !
every floor ate the perplexed president !
a floor pickled the delicious fine pickle in the chief of staff on a pickled pickled pickled sandwich with every pickle with the fine sandwich in every perplexed sandwich !
a delicious delicious delicious pickled delicious fine president ate a delicious delicious sandwich .
the fine sandwich ate the pickle .
the sandwich understood a chief of staff with a delicious delicious sandwich with the sandwich .
the fine floor kissed the sandwich .
a delicious pickle wanted the perplexed pickle .
a sandwich understood the fine floor !
every pickled floor pickled the pickle .
is it true that every pickled chief of staff ate the pickled floor ?
every pickled delicious fine delicious floor understood a president .
the sandwich kissed the president .
the perplexed pickled pickle kissed every pickled delicious president .
the pickle wanted every floor .
the pickled fine fine pickled sandwich understood a delicious pickle .
a floor kissed the fine fine delicious fine perplexed pickled floor .
the delicious fine pickled floor wanted the delicious floor .
the chief of staff pickled a delicious president .
the president wanted the delicious president .
the pickle ate every sandwich !
every president understood a pickle .
the pickle ate the perplexed fine chief of staff .
the delicious pickled president in the floor under every pickled fine delicious president kissed the pickled perplexed sandwich !
every president understood every delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed sandwich pickled the delicious pickle ?
a sandwich pickled every fine perplexed delicious perplexed delicious floor .
a chief of staff understood every delicious delicious delicious fine floor in every delicious pickle .
a delicious sandwich ate a floor !
every chief of staff ate every floor !
the sandwich understood every president under a floor in a delicious fine chief of staff !
a delicious sandwich understood the fine floor .
is it true that the fine pickle pickled the perplexed pickled president ?
the delicious president with every sandwich with a floor understood a president .
a delicious perplexed fine sandwich understood the president !
every fine president ate every floor .
the fine pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed fine delicious president ate every floor .
the floor under a sandwich understood a chief of staff .
the sandwich understood a pickled floor !
the floor kissed every chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled every president .
a pickled fine perplexed sandwich ate a floor with a chief of staff !
every perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the pickle .
a delicious pickled pickled perplexed perplexed pickle on a president understood the pickled floor .
every pickled fine delicious sandwich ate a pickled perplexed fine sandwich .
every fine president ate the pickle under a fine delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that a pickle wanted every perplexed delicious perplexed pickle ?
the pickled floor pickled a fine perplexed delicious president .
every president understood every sandwich .
every perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed a pickled sandwich .
a fine perplexed president understood the perplexed delicious pickled perplexed perplexed pickle .
every pickled floor pickled a pickle !
is it true that a delicious fine fine fine delicious sandwich kissed a sandwich ?
a president ate every pickled perplexed floor .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich .
every sandwich under the president kissed every fine president !
is it true that a delicious president pickled a pickled fine perplexed sandwich ?
the chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickle .
is it true that the president pickled the sandwich ?
a pickled pickle understood the perplexed floor .
a president ate the chief of staff .
a sandwich wanted a fine delicious perplexed floor .
the president pickled the fine fine floor .
is it true that a pickle ate the floor ?
the perplexed pickled delicious pickled delicious chief of staff in every sandwich understood a pickle !
the president wanted every pickle .
a floor kissed the pickle .
is it true that the pickle understood every delicious pickled perplexed perplexed president ?
every president kissed a chief of staff .
every perplexed sandwich under every chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled sandwich !
every delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff with the fine delicious delicious pickled fine delicious pickle wanted the chief of staff .
the pickle ate a pickled fine fine fine sandwich .
a president kissed the fine perplexed delicious fine floor with every floor .
a floor kissed the chief of staff under a pickle !
every chief of staff in a pickled perplexed delicious sandwich pickled every floor .
the delicious delicious chief of staff understood a delicious fine fine delicious president .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every fine perplexed pickle ?
a president pickled every fine pickled pickle .
the president kissed every delicious chief of staff .
a delicious chief of staff in a delicious pickle ate every president !
every fine floor understood the floor .
is it true that the sandwich kissed a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
a pickle ate a chief of staff .
every fine delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled the president .
the sandwich ate a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed president in the delicious perplexed chief of staff !
a delicious pickle understood the sandwich .
every fine pickle ate the sandwich with every pickled president .
every delicious chief of staff on the president under a perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickled pickled fine fine pickled floor .
the pickled sandwich wanted a president .
a floor understood a pickled floor in every delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed pickled delicious delicious perplexed president .
a perplexed perplexed fine pickle ate every perplexed sandwich !
a fine president wanted a pickled fine delicious president !
every fine fine floor pickled a fine fine pickled pickled floor .
every chief of staff kissed every president !
the sandwich kissed a president with a sandwich on every sandwich .
the pickled sandwich pickled every delicious president .
a president kissed the fine floor .
a sandwich ate a sandwich .
is it true that every pickled chief of staff wanted the floor ?
a fine pickled fine president pickled the fine sandwich under every delicious chief of staff .
the fine delicious delicious president ate a pickle !
a pickle understood the perplexed perplexed floor .
a sandwich kissed the sandwich .
every fine floor wanted the sandwich !
is it true that the chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed sandwich in every pickled president ?
every fine pickle ate every sandwich .
is it true that every president pickled every president on a pickled chief of staff on the pickle under a pickle ?
the president wanted the floor on the delicious chief of staff .
every floor on every fine perplexed fine pickled fine fine pickle ate a pickled chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff ?
a chief of staff kissed every perplexed chief of staff .
every fine delicious floor wanted every pickled floor !
a chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious pickle .
a fine delicious fine fine sandwich kissed every sandwich .
every president kissed a sandwich .
every pickled sandwich understood every delicious perplexed pickle !
every sandwich pickled every floor !
every pickled sandwich kissed the perplexed floor !
the floor pickled every delicious pickled pickle .
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff kissed every fine fine perplexed floor ?
a floor wanted every delicious perplexed pickle .
is it true that a perplexed floor pickled a pickle ?
every floor pickled the pickled perplexed pickled pickle !
the delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle .
every president pickled the pickle .
every pickled perplexed president kissed every delicious sandwich !
the sandwich understood a fine perplexed pickle .
a delicious fine sandwich understood every pickle !
every delicious pickled fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff .
every president pickled the delicious fine pickled fine fine pickle .
every pickle ate the president .
every sandwich pickled every chief of staff on every sandwich with a fine fine fine chief of staff .
a president ate the delicious fine pickle in the fine perplexed sandwich !
every president ate a sandwich !
every chief of staff wanted a pickled pickled perplexed pickled perplexed delicious delicious floor !
every president wanted every pickled pickle !
every delicious chief of staff kissed every pickle !
is it true that the president wanted a perplexed perplexed pickle ?
is it true that a delicious pickle kissed every fine chief of staff ?
the chief of staff ate every floor in the fine delicious president .
every perplexed delicious pickle with a fine perplexed floor pickled the pickled president !
is it true that every floor wanted the sandwich ?
is it true that a pickle ate a pickled president ?
the pickled perplexed pickle kissed the president .
a sandwich ate the sandwich under a pickled perplexed delicious pickled delicious delicious chief of staff on the floor !
the perplexed floor understood a delicious delicious pickle .
every pickled pickled pickled delicious fine chief of staff with a fine delicious perplexed floor kissed the president .
the delicious perplexed pickle pickled the floor .
every delicious delicious chief of staff pickled the fine chief of staff .
every perplexed perplexed president understood the sandwich .
a chief of staff in every perplexed fine fine perplexed pickled pickled president ate the delicious floor .
a perplexed sandwich pickled every perplexed pickled pickle !
every floor pickled every perplexed pickled sandwich .
the chief of staff ate the perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed floor ate the president ?
a pickled sandwich wanted every chief of staff !
is it true that every chief of staff pickled the president ?
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich on the president ?
the president in a chief of staff pickled the delicious delicious president under the pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled a pickled chief of staff !
is it true that a president pickled every pickle ?
a delicious floor pickled a floor .
every fine delicious sandwich kissed a fine perplexed pickle .
a pickle ate the delicious fine perplexed pickled perplexed delicious delicious president .
a pickled pickled pickle understood the pickled delicious chief of staff .
the president wanted a chief of staff .
the floor kissed a fine pickle !
the floor with a fine pickle kissed a pickle in every pickled pickle !
every delicious floor understood the chief of staff .
is it true that every president wanted every fine president ?
a perplexed delicious pickle ate the floor .
a sandwich wanted every sandwich !
every floor kissed every chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
is it true that the pickled pickle ate every perplexed sandwich ?
every chief of staff kissed every floor .
the fine chief of staff wanted every delicious delicious perplexed pickle .
every pickle pickled every chief of staff .
a sandwich ate a chief of staff .
the fine president wanted every floor .
every pickle on every pickled fine pickled president in a floor under every floor kissed every floor !
the pickled fine floor ate the sandwich !
is it true that a floor kissed every sandwich ?
the pickle understood every pickled pickled fine perplexed floor .
every president wanted the pickled perplexed floor !
the pickle ate the floor .
a pickle under the sandwich ate the floor .
a sandwich kissed the floor .
the fine fine sandwich kissed a pickle .
every delicious president understood a pickled perplexed fine pickle !
is it true that the fine president understood a floor ?
a fine pickle kissed a delicious perplexed chief of staff .
the floor kissed the fine pickle !
a delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickled president .
a perplexed pickle ate the president .
every pickled pickled perplexed delicious floor under the pickle kissed every perplexed delicious fine sandwich !
every delicious delicious president under a delicious delicious pickled president kissed the perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
every president with a sandwich kissed a pickled floor !
is it true that every pickled sandwich ate a perplexed fine fine delicious pickle ?
the fine delicious pickled pickle understood a chief of staff .
every fine perplexed floor pickled every president !
every pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich .
is it true that every fine pickle kissed a perplexed floor ?
every fine floor wanted a delicious pickled floor .
every floor understood every president .
every fine floor wanted a president .
is it true that a president kissed a pickled perplexed pickle ?
a fine fine fine chief of staff understood a perplexed perplexed president !
the president understood a perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed delicious pickled fine perplexed floor under a floor understood the president .
the president pickled every delicious pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed sandwich wanted a pickled pickled pickled delicious fine delicious fine pickled president .
is it true that every chief of staff ate every delicious fine floor ?
the fine fine perplexed fine perplexed perplexed sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
a pickled fine perplexed perplexed fine fine sandwich in a delicious chief of staff kissed every president .
every pickled president understood every president .
every president wanted every floor .
a president ate every delicious perplexed president !
is it true that a pickle wanted the pickled floor ?
the president pickled every pickled sandwich !
a sandwich on every delicious pickled pickled perplexed pickled sandwich ate a president .
a fine fine pickle ate every pickle .
a sandwich pickled a pickled pickle !
the president pickled the perplexed president .
is it true that a delicious floor wanted a fine perplexed floor ?
every perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the fine perplexed pickled pickled pickled floor !
a fine pickled delicious delicious sandwich wanted a president .
every floor understood the president .
every pickled delicious pickle wanted the fine fine pickle .
every perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich understood the pickled fine delicious floor !
every fine pickle ate the fine pickle .
the pickle wanted every fine perplexed pickled floor !
is it true that the sandwich pickled a pickle ?
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff kissed every pickle ?
every fine floor wanted the perplexed delicious sandwich !
the pickle ate the delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the president under a perplexed sandwich wanted every fine delicious delicious chief of staff ?
every pickle understood the pickled floor .
the pickled president kissed a pickle under every chief of staff .
the pickled president understood the pickle .
every fine president ate the chief of staff !
the chief of staff understood every floor .
every chief of staff ate every floor !
a chief of staff wanted every floor .
every president ate every pickle in every chief of staff .
the president ate every perplexed delicious fine pickle !
is it true that the floor wanted a delicious fine delicious fine delicious sandwich ?
the perplexed fine sandwich understood every perplexed chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed the president .
a pickled president wanted a pickled fine perplexed delicious pickled president !
a fine delicious pickle wanted a perplexed chief of staff !
the president kissed a chief of staff .
a delicious sandwich understood every sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed a president .
a delicious delicious president understood the delicious sandwich !
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted the pickled delicious sandwich ?
is it true that the floor ate a fine sandwich ?
every pickle kissed a delicious fine chief of staff !
a floor ate every floor .
is it true that every delicious fine chief of staff understood the sandwich ?
a chief of staff wanted every pickled pickled fine floor .
the sandwich kissed a floor .
a sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
the pickled chief of staff understood every fine pickled chief of staff !
every pickle ate every delicious perplexed pickled pickle .
a floor understood a floor !
the floor pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that every pickle pickled a president ?
every sandwich wanted a pickled fine pickled fine president .
is it true that a president wanted every delicious pickle ?
every floor on every sandwich under every sandwich in every fine floor understood the sandwich .
a floor kissed a sandwich !
is it true that every floor kissed every perplexed floor ?
the perplexed floor pickled the pickled fine president !
a pickle understood the fine chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious perplexed president pickled a delicious president ?
the fine president ate a floor .
a sandwich pickled a fine fine pickle .
a pickled sandwich pickled the pickle !
the sandwich kissed every president .
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
the delicious floor ate the pickle .
a fine president pickled every delicious floor .
every fine sandwich kissed a floor !
a fine fine president with the floor wanted the delicious president .
the chief of staff ate every president !
a fine perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich .
a president wanted every chief of staff !
is it true that the sandwich pickled every perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that the fine chief of staff ate the fine pickle ?
a perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle .
a sandwich kissed every chief of staff !
every sandwich wanted a pickled chief of staff .
a delicious fine floor pickled the pickled delicious president .
every president pickled a pickled delicious sandwich !
the perplexed fine pickled president ate the sandwich .
the sandwich kissed the pickled chief of staff .
a floor wanted every pickled fine chief of staff with every perplexed delicious delicious fine president .
the president ate a president .
every pickled fine chief of staff pickled every pickled pickle !
every pickled fine pickle ate every floor .
the sandwich wanted the sandwich !
every perplexed chief of staff understood every fine floor .
a president understood the floor !
the perplexed delicious chief of staff pickled every president !
a sandwich ate a delicious sandwich on every perplexed pickled president with a pickle !
the pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a floor with the pickled perplexed pickle with the sandwich .
every delicious pickled delicious fine chief of staff wanted every president .
a pickled floor understood a perplexed pickled floor !
a president ate a perplexed perplexed perplexed fine floor !
a delicious pickled sandwich kissed the pickle !
a fine perplexed fine chief of staff wanted every pickle !
is it true that every pickle kissed the chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor understood a pickle in the pickled perplexed delicious sandwich ?
the sandwich kissed every pickled perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled a fine president .
the pickle kissed every floor !
the pickled floor wanted the perplexed delicious fine president .
the president wanted every president !
a fine sandwich understood a delicious president !
every pickle understood a delicious perplexed president .
the delicious fine floor wanted a president .
a pickled perplexed pickle kissed the pickle .
every fine chief of staff with every delicious president wanted every perplexed floor .
a sandwich pickled the sandwich !
is it true that every fine president understood the pickled pickle ?
is it true that a perplexed floor ate every president ?
every chief of staff kissed a pickled perplexed sandwich .
is it true that every fine fine chief of staff pickled the fine fine president ?
every chief of staff pickled a floor .
every fine chief of staff kissed every president .
every sandwich kissed a delicious pickle .
every pickle kissed every delicious president .
every president wanted every fine pickled fine perplexed sandwich .
a pickled fine delicious pickle kissed every fine perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich !
the president ate every floor .
every pickle pickled the floor under the pickle !
every fine chief of staff on a floor with the fine pickle ate the chief of staff .
the pickled president with a pickle understood a fine perplexed fine delicious chief of staff .
every fine delicious pickle understood the floor in a chief of staff .
a delicious pickled fine pickled pickled delicious floor wanted a delicious pickle !
every perplexed pickled pickle understood a perplexed pickled floor .
a delicious sandwich pickled every fine chief of staff .
a perplexed chief of staff wanted the delicious pickle .
is it true that the president kissed the fine sandwich ?
every chief of staff ate a floor .
a pickled delicious fine chief of staff ate every floor under every delicious pickle under every perplexed pickled pickled sandwich !
the pickle understood the perplexed sandwich on every sandwich !
every sandwich pickled every president .
the pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickled floor wanted a pickled pickled perplexed floor with the chief of staff on a sandwich .
the delicious sandwich pickled the fine pickle !
a perplexed delicious pickle pickled a sandwich .
every pickle with every pickle pickled every fine chief of staff .
a pickle understood the pickled delicious pickle !
the floor understood the floor on the chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood the fine pickled perplexed sandwich .
every pickle wanted the floor !
a fine chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
every sandwich in every delicious pickle with the president kissed a pickled delicious pickled sandwich !
is it true that every sandwich ate a president ?
the chief of staff understood every delicious president .
the fine delicious fine sandwich kissed the floor .
every pickle understood the delicious floor .
every pickled fine fine sandwich understood a delicious president .
is it true that a delicious delicious fine pickle ate a fine fine sandwich ?
a perplexed president pickled every perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious pickle ate every sandwich .
the fine chief of staff ate a floor .
the chief of staff kissed every delicious president .
the delicious perplexed pickle understood every sandwich !
a sandwich ate the perplexed president .
the chief of staff with a pickled pickle understood a pickle on every pickled pickled floor .
a president understood every chief of staff .
a delicious president kissed every pickled president !
a pickle understood the sandwich .
a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed pickled sandwich understood a chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted the delicious pickled fine fine pickle !
every chief of staff understood the chief of staff !
the chief of staff ate every floor .
a delicious perplexed perplexed president understood every sandwich !
a pickle pickled every fine delicious floor with a sandwich .
the delicious delicious perplexed sandwich ate the pickled president .
every pickled president wanted every pickled sandwich .
the pickled president ate the floor .
a chief of staff kissed a fine pickle .
a fine pickle kissed every floor .
the perplexed delicious pickle understood a president .
a delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickled delicious pickled pickle kissed a pickle !
the pickled perplexed pickle ate a delicious delicious delicious fine chief of staff .
a pickle kissed a fine perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a fine delicious pickled chief of staff wanted the sandwich ?
every chief of staff kissed a delicious pickled delicious floor under every fine fine perplexed pickle .
every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed every floor .
a floor wanted the sandwich !
the chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed pickle !
every president understood a perplexed floor .
is it true that the delicious perplexed chief of staff under every floor understood every sandwich ?
every perplexed fine delicious delicious chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickle .
is it true that a pickle pickled the pickle ?
the fine perplexed pickled sandwich understood the delicious fine fine chief of staff in the pickle .
the fine fine delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed a president .
a delicious sandwich pickled a president .
every floor ate every pickle .
a delicious chief of staff on the sandwich with the pickled floor kissed every delicious pickled chief of staff with a delicious pickled fine perplexed floor .
every perplexed delicious fine perplexed fine perplexed fine sandwich understood the perplexed president .
the fine pickle wanted a delicious delicious floor in the pickle .
every pickle kissed a pickle on the perplexed fine pickled floor !
the fine sandwich wanted every delicious pickled fine delicious pickled fine fine pickled sandwich .
every delicious perplexed pickled fine chief of staff pickled every sandwich !
the fine delicious president kissed a sandwich !
is it true that the pickled pickled chief of staff under every chief of staff with every pickled pickled sandwich understood every pickle ?
is it true that every pickled president pickled the fine chief of staff ?
every president ate the floor on the perplexed pickled delicious delicious delicious fine fine floor .
the chief of staff wanted the pickle !
the perplexed pickled pickle ate every fine floor under every president .
a fine delicious pickled president understood every pickle .
a perplexed sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
every sandwich pickled a pickled delicious chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich understood every fine delicious pickled chief of staff ?
a fine perplexed floor ate a fine fine chief of staff on a perplexed fine perplexed fine fine president .
a floor ate a pickle .
every president kissed the sandwich .
a sandwich kissed a president !
a pickled perplexed fine fine perplexed sandwich wanted a sandwich .
every floor kissed the pickled chief of staff .
a president wanted a fine fine sandwich !
every fine president in every floor wanted every pickled perplexed perplexed pickled floor .
the fine sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed pickled president !
is it true that a pickled sandwich ate the chief of staff ?
every delicious fine pickle wanted every fine sandwich .
the delicious floor ate every chief of staff .
a pickle understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the pickle ?
a sandwich in the sandwich pickled the floor .
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed floor .
every delicious perplexed fine pickled floor understood a pickle .
every perplexed fine chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff !
every delicious pickle wanted every floor .
the chief of staff ate every fine president !
every chief of staff ate the fine perplexed pickle .
a perplexed sandwich understood the floor .
every delicious president understood every floor .
is it true that a sandwich wanted the president ?
the delicious floor pickled a president !
the perplexed president on every perplexed chief of staff pickled every sandwich under a floor with a delicious perplexed sandwich !
the pickle kissed a pickle .
a floor under a president on every delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed a chief of staff !
is it true that every chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed sandwich in every perplexed chief of staff on the president with a fine perplexed fine pickle ?
the delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ate the president !
is it true that a delicious fine pickle kissed every chief of staff ?
a chief of staff ate a floor .
every sandwich wanted a perplexed pickle .
is it true that a fine perplexed sandwich ate a delicious sandwich ?
every floor kissed the perplexed fine pickle .
the pickle with every president ate every fine pickled delicious delicious pickled fine fine pickled sandwich !
is it true that every sandwich under every chief of staff understood the pickle ?
is it true that a sandwich wanted the floor with a president ?
is it true that a pickled floor pickled a sandwich ?
is it true that a floor kissed every pickle ?
a perplexed pickled president understood a delicious sandwich .
is it true that every perplexed pickled sandwich pickled a sandwich ?
every fine perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president kissed the delicious president in the fine fine fine pickled pickled fine sandwich .
the perplexed president kissed every fine pickle with every fine pickled pickle .
a sandwich kissed the president .
the fine sandwich ate the delicious delicious chief of staff !
is it true that the fine fine sandwich ate every perplexed chief of staff ?
the perplexed pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickle ate the pickled pickled pickled pickle !
the delicious sandwich pickled a sandwich .
the pickled chief of staff ate a pickled president .
a pickled pickled president kissed every pickled delicious president .
every fine delicious sandwich wanted every fine pickle .
every chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious chief of staff .
a floor pickled every chief of staff .
every pickle understood a delicious pickled pickled pickled pickled pickled pickled pickle .
a fine perplexed perplexed pickle pickled a pickled floor .
a pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed pickled pickle pickled every delicious fine pickled delicious sandwich on the fine president .
a perplexed floor pickled a fine delicious floor !
a president ate a fine fine delicious pickled pickled pickled perplexed floor .
a floor kissed the fine pickle .
is it true that the delicious delicious pickled perplexed delicious fine fine sandwich kissed a perplexed president ?
is it true that the delicious perplexed floor pickled every delicious pickle on every pickled perplexed floor ?
a pickled pickled pickle wanted every pickled president !
the pickle understood every chief of staff .
every perplexed sandwich ate every president !
the pickle ate a president !
the chief of staff understood every fine perplexed delicious floor .
a delicious delicious pickled floor kissed the fine delicious perplexed president !
the chief of staff kissed the floor !
a pickled chief of staff pickled a pickle !
a fine pickle understood the chief of staff .
every pickle wanted a pickled pickled delicious floor .
the chief of staff understood the chief of staff under every president with the floor on every pickled chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff understood every chief of staff ?
a president kissed a sandwich .
a fine sandwich kissed a floor !
every chief of staff ate every floor .
a delicious fine floor pickled the pickled delicious pickled sandwich .
the delicious pickle understood a sandwich !
the chief of staff on a delicious perplexed sandwich pickled every pickle .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickle under the fine pickled floor understood every perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed a perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed sandwich kissed every president with every perplexed president !
every president understood the president .
a fine delicious floor wanted a floor .
the president pickled every sandwich .
a sandwich ate every pickle .
a pickle ate a pickled chief of staff in the delicious pickle .
every delicious chief of staff pickled a delicious floor !
every chief of staff understood a sandwich !
is it true that a delicious pickle wanted the floor ?
the pickled pickle understood every perplexed pickled floor .
a sandwich kissed every fine president .
every fine pickled fine chief of staff ate every delicious floor !
every chief of staff ate the president .
the delicious president pickled the perplexed sandwich with a fine chief of staff .
every fine pickle kissed the pickled floor .
every floor pickled the pickle .
a delicious sandwich pickled a fine delicious pickled president .
every fine pickle with the delicious delicious pickled pickle understood a fine president .
a pickled pickled delicious perplexed floor pickled every pickled chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled fine chief of staff pickled a pickle ?
a chief of staff on a floor kissed a chief of staff .
every perplexed sandwich ate every perplexed sandwich .
a fine sandwich wanted a fine president on every perplexed floor .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed president pickled the pickled perplexed pickle .
every fine perplexed pickled pickle kissed a fine sandwich .
the pickle pickled the floor .
the fine chief of staff understood every pickle .
is it true that the floor pickled a pickled perplexed floor ?
a sandwich under a pickle pickled the perplexed president .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed the pickle ?
a sandwich pickled a pickled delicious perplexed fine pickled delicious delicious chief of staff !
the pickle wanted every pickled fine pickled floor !
a fine perplexed president pickled every perplexed fine floor !
the pickled perplexed pickle wanted every sandwich !
every chief of staff wanted the floor .
every perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed perplexed pickle .
a floor kissed the fine pickle .
a pickle understood a president with every pickle .
every delicious sandwich understood a chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted the delicious president !
the chief of staff kissed every fine chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed pickle ate every fine perplexed pickle ?
a perplexed pickled pickled sandwich kissed the president .
a floor ate a sandwich .
the delicious pickled sandwich understood a perplexed president .
a president pickled every delicious pickled president .
every chief of staff understood a fine perplexed perplexed sandwich !
the sandwich understood a delicious sandwich .
the sandwich wanted a pickle !
the pickle kissed a pickled perplexed pickled delicious sandwich .
is it true that the president in a pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickle ?
every delicious pickle understood a chief of staff .
the fine president wanted the delicious floor .
every delicious pickled delicious pickle on the pickled pickled president understood every fine pickled fine president .
every delicious sandwich ate the perplexed sandwich .
the president ate the floor .
every pickle kissed a floor .
every delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the floor .
is it true that the chief of staff on the pickle wanted every chief of staff ?
a perplexed chief of staff ate every delicious pickle .
every perplexed floor under the chief of staff pickled the pickled fine fine pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted the pickle !
every pickle wanted a perplexed chief of staff .
the perplexed pickle wanted a president !
the delicious chief of staff in the pickle pickled every fine perplexed pickled delicious fine delicious pickle .
a president kissed a delicious floor under a pickle .
the chief of staff wanted a fine sandwich .
a delicious chief of staff understood the floor !
is it true that a fine perplexed fine sandwich kissed every pickle ?
a delicious pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickle pickled a pickled pickle on a floor !
every president ate the pickle .
the pickled delicious fine fine pickled fine delicious chief of staff pickled the floor .
the pickle ate a floor .
a pickled president understood the sandwich .
a floor on a fine fine fine president understood a chief of staff .
a president kissed the sandwich .
is it true that the delicious pickled president wanted every sandwich ?
every fine delicious perplexed floor wanted the delicious fine fine delicious delicious sandwich .
a perplexed delicious floor understood the perplexed delicious pickled fine delicious pickle in the perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate a pickle .
a pickled perplexed pickled sandwich pickled the delicious floor .
every chief of staff pickled the fine president .
every pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff ate the pickle .
the fine floor kissed a delicious chief of staff !
a delicious pickle pickled a fine fine pickle .
the delicious president kissed every fine delicious pickled sandwich !
a president on a chief of staff ate the president !
every sandwich pickled every delicious perplexed perplexed fine president !
every delicious fine perplexed pickled fine pickle with every fine floor pickled every chief of staff .
the delicious floor ate every fine sandwich .
every floor understood every president on every pickle .
the delicious pickle wanted the delicious chief of staff !
is it true that every pickled chief of staff kissed a floor under a floor under every perplexed pickled fine pickle ?
a pickle in every sandwich understood a sandwich !
the pickle kissed every pickle .
is it true that the sandwich understood the perplexed pickled perplexed president ?
the chief of staff pickled a delicious floor .
the delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff wanted the pickled fine fine chief of staff .
every pickle under the fine floor understood a chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious pickle pickled the pickled fine perplexed pickled fine floor ?
every pickled delicious floor under a fine fine pickled president understood the president .
the fine floor pickled a chief of staff in every delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed perplexed fine president kissed a perplexed pickled president !
a president understood every floor .
a chief of staff ate a floor .
every chief of staff understood a fine perplexed sandwich !
every pickled pickle wanted a pickled chief of staff .
a pickled pickled sandwich ate the delicious floor .
every chief of staff wanted a delicious sandwich !
a sandwich ate every fine pickle .
the perplexed president wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled president understood every sandwich .
every pickle kissed every floor !
the delicious president pickled every delicious sandwich .
every perplexed pickle ate every perplexed pickle .
every perplexed perplexed sandwich pickled a perplexed floor .
every delicious chief of staff pickled every floor !
a president understood a fine perplexed president .
the perplexed fine chief of staff ate a floor !
is it true that the pickled sandwich pickled the pickled fine floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a pickled fine perplexed fine perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich on every delicious sandwich ?
the pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff !
the president pickled a delicious pickled sandwich .
the fine pickle ate the chief of staff !
every fine president kissed a fine sandwich !
a delicious pickled pickled president kissed the sandwich .
every pickle kissed every president .
every perplexed president wanted the floor .
a delicious perplexed fine sandwich understood the chief of staff !
a pickled fine floor ate a sandwich on the perplexed fine pickled president .
a pickled delicious sandwich wanted the delicious fine president .
every fine president wanted the pickled president under a fine perplexed president .
is it true that the floor wanted a chief of staff ?
a sandwich under every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
a pickled fine pickled president understood a president !
the floor wanted every fine delicious floor .
is it true that the pickle pickled every sandwich ?
the floor wanted a chief of staff .
a sandwich understood every president .
every delicious pickle understood every pickle in every delicious floor on every president .
every pickle kissed the perplexed pickled floor .
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood every sandwich ?
the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff understood every delicious sandwich .
the fine pickled fine chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious fine fine pickled chief of staff with every perplexed pickled floor with a fine president .
the pickle kissed the pickled chief of staff .
the perplexed pickle wanted the pickle .
a pickle understood every perplexed chief of staff .
a pickle wanted a chief of staff .
every pickled pickled pickle kissed every sandwich .
every president ate the perplexed pickled sandwich .
every pickle pickled a fine pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff .
every president wanted the pickle !
a president pickled every president .
the fine chief of staff understood the delicious perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed delicious delicious perplexed sandwich pickled every delicious perplexed sandwich .
the pickle understood a president .
the pickled pickled perplexed floor ate every sandwich !
is it true that the chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed chief of staff ?
the chief of staff in a sandwich kissed the perplexed pickle !
is it true that a delicious perplexed floor wanted every fine fine chief of staff ?
every floor kissed every fine sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed the pickle !
every sandwich wanted every chief of staff !
every pickle ate a president .
a pickle ate a sandwich !
a delicious pickle ate a sandwich .
every chief of staff under every perplexed chief of staff wanted every perplexed sandwich !
the pickled president in a floor understood a floor !
a delicious fine pickled president understood every pickle !
is it true that every delicious pickled chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious chief of staff ?
a delicious fine sandwich wanted the delicious perplexed chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
the delicious fine pickle understood every president .
every fine floor under the perplexed pickled chief of staff understood a president .
every president in a perplexed president wanted every pickle .
a perplexed chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
the delicious pickled fine fine pickled pickled floor ate a floor .
the chief of staff pickled every pickled pickled sandwich !
every pickled delicious delicious fine fine president kissed every perplexed chief of staff !
every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
the fine delicious pickled fine fine delicious pickled president wanted every perplexed perplexed pickle !
every delicious delicious pickled sandwich wanted every pickled chief of staff .
every delicious chief of staff pickled every delicious pickled sandwich !
every sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled floor kissed a chief of staff ?
every delicious pickle ate the sandwich .
a fine chief of staff in the sandwich understood a floor .
a perplexed pickle ate every pickle !
a pickled president kissed every pickled pickled pickled delicious president .
the chief of staff ate the pickled pickled president !
the pickled fine pickled floor pickled every pickle .
a pickle kissed the floor !
a floor ate a fine pickle in a floor .
every pickle kissed a president .
every fine perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickle .
a delicious fine perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a president .
is it true that a sandwich kissed the chief of staff ?
the delicious delicious delicious fine floor ate a president .
a president ate the fine pickle .
is it true that every sandwich pickled every pickle ?
every floor understood a pickle .
a chief of staff pickled a pickle .
a delicious fine perplexed fine fine president kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle pickled the pickled perplexed floor ?
a fine pickled fine chief of staff understood a president .
the perplexed delicious perplexed floor with a pickle pickled a fine chief of staff .
a pickled floor wanted the floor !
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
the chief of staff ate every perplexed delicious pickled pickle .
the pickled floor pickled the perplexed fine fine delicious pickle !
a sandwich kissed a perplexed delicious floor .
every perplexed pickled delicious perplexed fine president wanted the chief of staff .
every president understood a perplexed pickle .
a floor kissed the delicious floor !
the fine pickled floor under a delicious fine perplexed president understood a perplexed pickle .
the president wanted a pickled perplexed president !
the pickle ate a fine fine fine chief of staff .
a fine fine perplexed chief of staff with every chief of staff kissed every chief of staff .
the sandwich ate every fine president !
every fine sandwich pickled every pickled pickled pickle .
the fine pickle wanted the fine president on every pickled president .
a pickled perplexed president wanted a sandwich !
is it true that every pickle wanted a sandwich ?
every pickled fine president ate the president .
a sandwich ate the sandwich in a president !
a president under a perplexed delicious delicious delicious sandwich pickled the president .
a president understood every sandwich .
the perplexed pickled pickled delicious perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff kissed a perplexed fine floor .
every pickled pickled president wanted a sandwich .
every president pickled every perplexed sandwich !
the pickled president kissed the pickle with the delicious perplexed pickle .
the president kissed every pickle .
every fine perplexed delicious president kissed a perplexed perplexed fine sandwich .
the pickle on a delicious chief of staff understood the pickled sandwich .
the chief of staff with a delicious chief of staff wanted the perplexed delicious pickled fine chief of staff !
a sandwich kissed every president .
is it true that every sandwich ate every delicious floor ?
is it true that a floor understood every perplexed perplexed floor ?
every perplexed delicious floor pickled every fine president .
a fine pickled pickle ate a delicious chief of staff .
every fine perplexed delicious perplexed pickle kissed a pickled president .
a pickle on every fine pickled pickled president ate every floor .
a pickled pickle understood the sandwich .
a pickled president kissed a delicious chief of staff with every delicious perplexed pickled pickled fine delicious delicious fine chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed a delicious pickled floor .
a pickle on a delicious floor understood the perplexed delicious delicious floor .
every floor kissed every chief of staff .
every perplexed chief of staff understood a floor .
every pickle kissed a sandwich with a perplexed floor .
is it true that every chief of staff with every pickle understood every delicious delicious delicious delicious pickled fine perplexed floor ?
a chief of staff pickled a fine chief of staff !
every pickle ate the president .
a floor kissed the pickle !
every pickled delicious fine fine pickled fine delicious president pickled every perplexed perplexed sandwich .
the delicious pickled perplexed sandwich ate the pickle .
a pickle under a perplexed floor wanted a floor !
a delicious fine fine president kissed a fine sandwich .
every sandwich kissed every pickled pickled sandwich !
the perplexed president on every president wanted a sandwich !
every sandwich wanted a perplexed chief of staff .
the sandwich ate the perplexed pickle .
is it true that every floor kissed a fine chief of staff ?
the pickle on a fine perplexed chief of staff under a fine pickled perplexed pickled president kissed a president .
every chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
the pickle ate every president !
the sandwich wanted the president !
the perplexed pickle wanted the pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a president pickled the delicious fine floor ?
every sandwich understood a sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff ate a floor ?
a fine pickled sandwich ate a floor !
is it true that every fine perplexed pickle pickled every fine fine president ?
is it true that the sandwich pickled every fine pickled delicious delicious floor ?
every sandwich understood the pickled perplexed floor !
a pickle under a chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
a pickled perplexed pickle understood the fine pickle .
is it true that a delicious perplexed pickle kissed the fine delicious fine pickle ?
every delicious floor ate every fine perplexed delicious delicious pickled chief of staff !
every pickle kissed the sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich ?
every sandwich ate the pickle !
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
a perplexed delicious floor ate the chief of staff .
a sandwich ate every sandwich .
is it true that the pickle in a delicious fine sandwich pickled a chief of staff ?
a sandwich kissed every pickled sandwich .
every sandwich ate the delicious perplexed president !
a president understood every fine sandwich .
a pickle pickled a floor !
the sandwich under a pickled chief of staff kissed the pickled president !
a floor ate the pickled chief of staff !
every delicious pickled fine pickled sandwich understood every president !
a fine sandwich wanted a pickle !
the floor ate every floor !
the chief of staff ate a pickled fine sandwich !
is it true that a fine pickle ate every delicious president ?
a sandwich under the delicious fine sandwich wanted every fine fine sandwich .
a pickled president wanted the pickled president .
every sandwich pickled the floor .
every pickle wanted a delicious president on every floor !
the chief of staff ate a delicious pickled delicious floor .
a fine chief of staff ate the delicious president .
every delicious delicious president wanted every fine pickled president .
every sandwich on a pickle under every fine floor understood every pickled pickled pickle .
the president wanted every fine perplexed president !
the president understood every fine chief of staff !
the pickled president wanted every pickled floor .
a chief of staff understood a chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted a pickle ?
is it true that a chief of staff understood a floor ?
is it true that a delicious pickle wanted every chief of staff ?
the sandwich understood a delicious perplexed fine pickle !
every delicious perplexed pickle pickled a pickled floor .
a pickled pickle pickled the fine perplexed president .
every chief of staff ate a sandwich !
every delicious president wanted every pickled delicious pickled delicious fine perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a pickled president understood a fine delicious fine delicious sandwich !
is it true that a fine sandwich understood the pickled perplexed sandwich ?
the chief of staff kissed the president !
every floor ate a perplexed floor .
a president wanted every pickle .
every delicious perplexed delicious delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a delicious perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a floor kissed a pickled delicious pickle ?
every sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich .
every pickled fine pickle wanted the perplexed pickled sandwich !
every pickled chief of staff pickled every sandwich !
the president understood every pickled floor .
the chief of staff understood a sandwich .
every sandwich pickled a fine chief of staff .
is it true that a sandwich pickled the delicious perplexed pickle ?
the president wanted a pickle .
every chief of staff understood every sandwich .
the perplexed pickled delicious delicious sandwich wanted every president .
a pickled sandwich pickled a floor .
is it true that every floor pickled a pickle ?
a floor kissed every pickle .
a pickled pickled chief of staff ate every pickle !
every pickled pickle wanted a fine floor .
every pickled perplexed sandwich ate every delicious president .
is it true that every perplexed delicious perplexed fine chief of staff understood every sandwich ?
the floor wanted a pickled floor !
a fine fine chief of staff pickled the pickled pickled sandwich .
a floor wanted a chief of staff !
every fine sandwich pickled a perplexed perplexed pickled fine chief of staff !
the chief of staff in the chief of staff kissed the perplexed fine fine delicious president .
a chief of staff understood a president .
the pickle understood every president .
a fine pickle ate a pickled perplexed president .
a pickled sandwich wanted the fine president !
the floor ate every president !
every floor wanted a pickled president .
the perplexed fine perplexed sandwich kissed every fine floor .
is it true that the fine sandwich understood every pickled fine sandwich ?
a sandwich understood a pickle .
a perplexed delicious sandwich pickled every sandwich .
a perplexed delicious fine delicious sandwich kissed the pickled pickle !
the floor understood every floor .
a pickle wanted every pickle !
every president understood the chief of staff .
the president wanted the delicious delicious pickled fine chief of staff !
a pickled president pickled the chief of staff .
a perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff with a sandwich .
every chief of staff pickled a perplexed president !
a floor in the chief of staff understood every delicious fine fine perplexed president .
a delicious president with a delicious sandwich ate every fine perplexed sandwich .
the fine delicious delicious delicious floor under the pickled chief of staff ate a fine delicious fine floor !
every delicious pickled perplexed fine delicious chief of staff kissed the delicious president !
every delicious perplexed floor ate every pickle in the president !
every pickled pickled floor understood every fine pickled pickled president .
a chief of staff kissed a pickle !
is it true that the sandwich wanted every sandwich ?
the sandwich kissed the pickle .
a perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle wanted a delicious president .
the pickle ate a pickled sandwich .
the floor pickled every pickle .
every chief of staff ate the president .
a delicious pickled floor pickled every perplexed fine pickle on every floor !
is it true that the pickled sandwich pickled the chief of staff ?
is it true that every sandwich pickled a delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that the floor in a sandwich pickled every pickle ?
is it true that a president understood a sandwich ?
every floor ate the pickle !
every perplexed sandwich wanted every pickle .
the pickled pickled pickle kissed a delicious floor !
the president pickled the delicious president !
every pickled pickled president ate every fine pickled president !
every pickled fine fine pickled chief of staff understood a floor .
is it true that every fine floor ate every delicious sandwich ?
every fine floor kissed every floor .
is it true that every delicious pickle pickled every sandwich ?
the pickled chief of staff understood a perplexed president .
a delicious chief of staff ate a pickled sandwich .
every pickled chief of staff pickled the delicious perplexed pickle on a pickled sandwich .
the fine pickle wanted a floor .
the perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed delicious sandwich under every perplexed pickle on every delicious chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled the delicious floor !
the sandwich pickled every pickled president .
a chief of staff wanted a pickled president under every sandwich !
the pickle pickled a pickle in every fine chief of staff with the perplexed fine delicious pickle with a sandwich .
every perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted every floor .
every pickled fine chief of staff kissed a pickled president .
the president ate a president .
the chief of staff pickled the pickled pickled pickled perplexed pickled floor !
every delicious perplexed sandwich understood every pickled president .
a floor kissed every delicious chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious fine president wanted the fine fine floor !
every delicious fine sandwich understood every sandwich .
every pickled fine perplexed sandwich pickled the pickle !
the fine perplexed pickle wanted the perplexed fine pickled floor .
the perplexed president kissed the perplexed floor .
a sandwich under the sandwich ate the president .
a fine delicious perplexed pickled perplexed fine sandwich under every floor in every pickle wanted a president .
the sandwich understood a pickled fine delicious pickle !
every sandwich understood every pickled pickled delicious pickle .
a chief of staff on a pickled chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
the pickle kissed every delicious sandwich !
the pickle wanted a delicious pickle .
every fine sandwich ate the pickle !
the pickle kissed the delicious pickled fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed president .
the pickle understood a chief of staff !
a president ate the pickled floor !
the chief of staff understood every fine president .
is it true that a chief of staff understood the perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickled pickled president kissed a perplexed pickled delicious delicious perplexed pickled president ?
the pickle pickled a delicious pickled president .
is it true that the delicious floor on the sandwich ate the pickle ?
every sandwich understood every perplexed pickled pickled pickled fine pickled chief of staff .
every sandwich wanted the fine delicious delicious president under every delicious pickle in every fine pickled perplexed sandwich .
every fine fine sandwich wanted every floor .
every sandwich ate the perplexed sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff understood the pickle ?
a pickle wanted a perplexed perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff !
the delicious chief of staff wanted the delicious fine pickle .
a president pickled every president .
every president understood a fine sandwich !
every chief of staff understood the delicious pickled perplexed perplexed floor .
the floor kissed a fine pickle .
is it true that the sandwich pickled every fine delicious pickled pickled chief of staff ?
the fine pickle understood every delicious president .
every fine pickled pickle wanted a pickled floor !
is it true that every perplexed pickled fine delicious president kissed a chief of staff ?
the chief of staff understood the perplexed fine perplexed pickle .
a sandwich ate a perplexed perplexed fine president with the president with every president !
the delicious fine chief of staff on every pickle pickled the perplexed perplexed pickled fine president .
every floor wanted a perplexed perplexed pickle .
a pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickled floor kissed every president .
a pickled chief of staff understood a perplexed chief of staff .
a sandwich in every fine pickled pickle wanted a delicious delicious pickled president .
every floor kissed every chief of staff .
the perplexed floor wanted a perplexed pickled chief of staff .
a pickled pickled perplexed president wanted every chief of staff .
the pickle wanted every pickled perplexed pickle .
the president pickled a delicious sandwich .
is it true that a floor under the floor wanted a pickled floor ?
a sandwich wanted every chief of staff .
a fine pickled pickle understood a pickle .
the president with the floor wanted the perplexed pickle !
a pickled perplexed floor wanted a pickled pickled perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff .
the pickle wanted the floor .
every sandwich ate a pickled president !
a perplexed sandwich understood the pickled perplexed pickled pickled president .
is it true that the pickled pickled floor wanted a fine perplexed sandwich ?
the floor pickled the floor .
every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff .
a president wanted the fine president !
a president kissed every floor .
every pickled delicious president on every delicious perplexed president under a perplexed pickle in a president understood the pickled pickle .
a sandwich wanted the chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood a sandwich !
the sandwich pickled a pickle !
a floor pickled a fine floor .
every pickled pickle ate every pickle .
the delicious pickle ate a delicious delicious president .
is it true that the floor pickled every perplexed chief of staff on the delicious sandwich in the floor ?
the floor pickled every chief of staff .
the delicious pickle understood every perplexed floor .
every fine fine sandwich kissed a floor .
every perplexed president wanted every perplexed pickled delicious pickle .
every delicious sandwich kissed the president !
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
a pickle ate a pickled pickled delicious fine sandwich .
every chief of staff pickled a perplexed fine delicious delicious chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious floor kissed every fine delicious delicious pickled president ?
is it true that a pickle ate every chief of staff ?
the pickled pickled fine floor ate every pickled perplexed fine pickle .
the floor understood every floor .
is it true that the sandwich ate every pickled fine floor ?
the fine floor pickled the delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a fine president kissed every fine sandwich on the chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff wanted a floor .
is it true that every president wanted a president ?
a floor wanted a pickled fine perplexed delicious perplexed floor !
every president understood every chief of staff !
a delicious pickled fine delicious sandwich understood every fine floor .
is it true that a chief of staff understood a fine delicious chief of staff in every president in every chief of staff ?
the president wanted the floor !
every fine president kissed a president .
the chief of staff in every pickled pickle kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich .
every chief of staff ate the delicious president .
the sandwich understood every perplexed pickled delicious fine fine sandwich !
is it true that a president understood every sandwich ?
every fine sandwich kissed the sandwich .
a fine pickle understood the president .
a delicious sandwich pickled a sandwich !
the pickled sandwich understood a floor in every pickled fine pickled chief of staff with a sandwich !
every pickle in a pickle wanted the pickled delicious chief of staff .
every pickle understood a sandwich .
every perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed pickle .
the chief of staff wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that every floor kissed the fine floor ?
a president ate the floor .
a pickle understood every sandwich .
the fine chief of staff pickled a fine chief of staff !
a pickle ate a fine president !
every perplexed perplexed pickle understood a chief of staff .
is it true that every president ate a floor ?
every delicious floor kissed a pickle !
is it true that a floor ate the pickle ?
every delicious pickle understood a chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled the fine floor !
is it true that the fine pickle understood a perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that the pickled pickled president kissed a perplexed sandwich in every fine delicious floor under the pickled perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that a fine perplexed floor wanted a sandwich ?
every sandwich wanted the floor !
the president pickled a pickle .
a perplexed president pickled every perplexed delicious sandwich on the sandwich !
is it true that a delicious fine perplexed pickled fine chief of staff wanted a pickled president ?
is it true that a pickled chief of staff pickled every sandwich ?
a fine pickled delicious delicious pickle wanted every delicious pickled president !
every fine delicious pickle ate every floor with every fine perplexed delicious sandwich .
a sandwich understood the perplexed fine floor !
is it true that every fine pickled president ate the chief of staff ?
is it true that the delicious sandwich wanted every pickled fine perplexed floor ?
the chief of staff kissed a floor .
the pickled president on the perplexed president wanted every floor .
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
the perplexed chief of staff pickled every perplexed fine floor .
a pickled delicious pickled president ate every delicious delicious pickled delicious pickle .
is it true that every fine chief of staff kissed every pickle ?
a perplexed delicious sandwich pickled every fine perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious fine delicious president pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that a fine floor wanted the chief of staff ?
a perplexed fine president wanted the pickled pickled pickle .
a sandwich kissed the president !
the sandwich in a sandwich ate a pickled delicious floor !
is it true that the pickle ate every chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickled perplexed perplexed pickled floor wanted every pickled chief of staff ?
every perplexed delicious delicious perplexed fine pickled floor kissed a floor .
the sandwich kissed a fine fine fine floor .
every chief of staff wanted a delicious fine delicious sandwich .
the pickled sandwich ate every delicious floor !
every delicious president pickled a chief of staff .
every pickle pickled every chief of staff in the perplexed pickle .
a sandwich pickled a floor .
a fine president pickled every president .
every chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff !
the pickled chief of staff ate every fine president .
is it true that a floor on the perplexed president ate every sandwich ?
the floor understood the sandwich !
the pickle kissed the perplexed chief of staff .
every pickled delicious pickle ate the pickle !
the floor ate the pickled fine fine fine pickle .
every pickled pickle understood a fine perplexed president !
every floor wanted the delicious sandwich .
every pickle ate a perplexed president .
the pickled chief of staff ate a sandwich !
a president wanted a chief of staff .
the delicious president wanted the delicious pickle .
is it true that the president ate every sandwich ?
the sandwich understood the perplexed pickle .
the pickle ate a chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled the delicious chief of staff .
every pickled fine president with the president pickled the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a pickled pickled pickle pickled a delicious perplexed floor .
a chief of staff kissed a fine fine president .
the perplexed pickled perplexed delicious pickled floor pickled every chief of staff !
a delicious pickled pickle pickled every chief of staff under a floor !
is it true that the delicious president kissed the pickle on the pickle ?
is it true that a perplexed perplexed fine sandwich ate every president ?
a chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich .
every sandwich kissed a sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed the floor .
every pickled sandwich in every fine fine floor ate a perplexed delicious president !
a perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled the floor .
a floor wanted the pickle .
every floor pickled a perplexed fine pickle .
the fine pickle understood a fine pickled floor .
the sandwich pickled every delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled fine delicious president under every pickle under the pickled sandwich in a floor under a sandwich ate a chief of staff ?
the perplexed delicious fine president ate the floor .
the perplexed delicious pickle understood a sandwich .
every delicious pickled chief of staff understood every perplexed floor !
the chief of staff understood the delicious pickled pickled pickle !
is it true that every pickle pickled every sandwich ?
a chief of staff wanted a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a floor pickled every floor with the fine pickled perplexed pickle ?
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every floor ?
is it true that a chief of staff ate every sandwich ?
the chief of staff under a sandwich ate the floor !
the pickled president ate a fine sandwich .
the perplexed fine chief of staff with the pickled delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that a chief of staff on the pickled president understood every floor ?
every fine delicious perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich .
a delicious perplexed delicious pickle in a floor kissed every perplexed pickle !
the fine delicious pickle pickled every perplexed chief of staff .
the delicious sandwich wanted the fine perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every fine fine sandwich in a pickled pickled floor pickled a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff .
every perplexed fine pickle on the president ate every pickle .
every chief of staff ate the perplexed floor !
every floor wanted a floor !
every perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
every sandwich pickled every pickle !
a fine perplexed pickle kissed the delicious delicious sandwich with the pickle .
the fine floor ate the fine president .
a chief of staff understood the pickle .
every perplexed sandwich understood a chief of staff !
the sandwich with the sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff pickled every fine sandwich on a president .
is it true that every pickled sandwich pickled the pickled president ?
is it true that a chief of staff understood the fine sandwich ?
the floor on the perplexed pickled sandwich kissed the pickled pickle .
the perplexed perplexed floor with every pickled chief of staff with a chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
the floor ate a pickled floor .
the chief of staff kissed every president .
every floor pickled every chief of staff .
the sandwich wanted a pickle !
a pickled floor kissed a fine perplexed perplexed fine pickle .
is it true that the pickle wanted a delicious pickle ?
the fine pickled delicious delicious fine perplexed delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the pickled perplexed floor .
a sandwich understood the delicious fine sandwich on a fine delicious pickle in every pickle on a floor .
is it true that every sandwich on the fine delicious pickled chief of staff pickled every president ?
a fine perplexed delicious fine pickled pickled perplexed president pickled a fine perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed president ate a president ?
every delicious perplexed president pickled the pickled fine pickled chief of staff !
the chief of staff understood the president .
is it true that every fine sandwich ate a perplexed fine president ?
a fine perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled a fine floor .
a sandwich wanted a fine fine pickled fine pickled pickle on a floor !
the fine perplexed fine pickle kissed the perplexed delicious floor under the fine chief of staff !
the perplexed fine fine pickled pickle kissed every sandwich .
every fine sandwich with a president pickled a perplexed president .
the pickled perplexed president pickled the floor !
every sandwich wanted every pickled chief of staff .
a pickled pickled floor wanted every sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff ate every pickled sandwich ?
every fine president wanted the delicious delicious pickled president .
the sandwich wanted a sandwich !
every pickled perplexed pickle understood every pickled perplexed delicious floor .
the delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle ate every pickle !
the sandwich with the chief of staff on a president understood every pickle !
every fine fine chief of staff pickled the pickled perplexed sandwich !
every perplexed sandwich pickled every perplexed fine delicious pickle .
the president pickled the pickle .
a president kissed the pickled delicious chief of staff !
every pickle kissed a pickle .
a president kissed the fine pickled perplexed pickled sandwich .
the pickle kissed every floor .
a floor pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that every perplexed pickled delicious pickled pickled floor ate a delicious pickled fine pickled perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickle pickled the fine fine pickled pickled chief of staff .
every pickle with every fine delicious pickled chief of staff on every pickled delicious sandwich ate the perplexed perplexed president .
every sandwich kissed the perplexed delicious fine delicious fine perplexed pickled chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious perplexed president wanted every pickled president !
is it true that the sandwich kissed the chief of staff ?
every pickled sandwich understood every pickled sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ?
the perplexed sandwich wanted every president !
every floor with the chief of staff pickled the chief of staff with a pickled delicious chief of staff !
every pickle in a pickle ate the perplexed fine delicious sandwich .
the president kissed every fine floor .
is it true that every floor on the chief of staff in every pickled perplexed pickled sandwich pickled a president ?
every floor wanted the perplexed fine sandwich .
every pickled president wanted the pickled pickled pickle in a perplexed floor with the president .
a perplexed floor kissed a chief of staff !
a fine president kissed the sandwich .
the perplexed perplexed president wanted the perplexed perplexed pickle .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff ate every sandwich .
a pickle wanted a perplexed pickle .
every president in the pickle kissed a perplexed pickled floor !
the pickle kissed the pickled pickled delicious floor .
a president ate the fine pickled floor .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich ate a floor !
a sandwich understood a floor .
the president understood the sandwich .
a floor under the pickled delicious president understood a pickled perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every floor wanted a chief of staff .
a floor understood every fine perplexed delicious chief of staff !
the pickled pickled delicious delicious floor pickled the fine president !
a perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious fine floor .
the perplexed delicious president wanted a delicious chief of staff in every pickle !
a fine chief of staff pickled the floor .
every pickle understood the floor !
is it true that every sandwich pickled a floor on the president on the sandwich on the perplexed delicious fine fine pickle ?
a pickled floor kissed every floor !
a pickled fine pickle pickled the perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich .
the chief of staff understood a fine perplexed delicious fine pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the perplexed president kissed a pickled fine delicious delicious delicious delicious president !
every perplexed floor pickled a delicious chief of staff !
every pickled fine delicious perplexed fine chief of staff ate a pickled sandwich .
is it true that every pickled president wanted the perplexed perplexed president ?
is it true that a president ate every floor ?
every perplexed floor wanted every floor .
every pickle wanted the fine perplexed president .
is it true that a fine delicious delicious perplexed fine chief of staff understood a sandwich ?
a president kissed a pickled pickled delicious pickle !
a floor wanted the perplexed pickle !
the pickled chief of staff kissed every perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a president kissed a president ?
every delicious pickled delicious pickle on every floor wanted the fine pickle under every chief of staff !
is it true that every pickled president understood every fine floor ?
a fine sandwich kissed the sandwich !
a pickled chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich .
every fine delicious perplexed sandwich ate every pickled president .
the floor pickled the pickled fine sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich wanted the chief of staff ?
the pickled president ate every fine sandwich .
every delicious delicious chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
the floor ate a perplexed president .
every pickle wanted every pickled pickled sandwich .
a perplexed delicious fine fine delicious pickled fine pickled fine pickled pickled president kissed every floor .
is it true that a pickle wanted every sandwich ?
the fine chief of staff wanted a floor .
the pickle kissed every president .
every pickle ate the perplexed delicious chief of staff with every perplexed perplexed floor .
a floor understood a chief of staff !
the delicious pickled pickled perplexed delicious fine pickle wanted every fine fine fine pickled pickled floor with every pickled perplexed pickled pickle !
the fine president kissed a delicious floor .
is it true that the fine fine sandwich wanted a pickle ?
the sandwich in the president understood every sandwich .
a sandwich kissed a delicious president !
the delicious fine pickle pickled a president .
every fine fine president ate a president in a delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich under the pickled pickle .
every perplexed floor ate every perplexed fine president !
every president with a president pickled every floor !
every delicious president kissed the pickled sandwich .
a president wanted every fine sandwich .
every pickled floor wanted the chief of staff !
is it true that every chief of staff understood a pickle ?
every delicious floor pickled a pickle .
a chief of staff kissed every pickle .
every pickle understood a delicious sandwich .
the president ate every perplexed perplexed sandwich in every delicious fine pickle .
the perplexed chief of staff ate a floor .
every delicious president understood a perplexed fine chief of staff !
a floor pickled every chief of staff !
the president ate the perplexed floor .
is it true that every sandwich ate every floor ?
a president on every floor with every sandwich kissed the delicious president .
every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff !
every sandwich on every perplexed chief of staff ate a perplexed perplexed perplexed fine pickle !
every perplexed fine floor pickled every perplexed delicious floor .
is it true that a fine perplexed president understood the delicious president ?
the delicious pickle ate every delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the fine fine pickle kissed the sandwich ?
the chief of staff ate the perplexed fine sandwich .
a sandwich on every floor kissed every perplexed pickle !
a floor understood every sandwich .
the pickle kissed the pickle !
a floor with a delicious chief of staff pickled the pickle .
the floor ate the floor in a delicious pickle !
every pickled chief of staff pickled every delicious sandwich !
is it true that a pickle with every floor wanted the floor ?
every delicious pickled delicious fine sandwich ate the president !
a pickle wanted every delicious delicious sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich understood a pickle ?
a perplexed delicious floor kissed the floor !
a fine perplexed chief of staff kissed the floor !
a floor kissed the delicious floor .
every president ate a delicious pickled perplexed fine chief of staff .
every sandwich understood the pickled delicious chief of staff !
a chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff !
the sandwich with the pickled pickled chief of staff wanted a delicious chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
a perplexed floor understood a president !
a chief of staff wanted a president !
the sandwich wanted every pickle .
a pickled sandwich understood every sandwich in the chief of staff .
every delicious delicious pickled delicious sandwich ate the pickle .
a delicious floor kissed a pickle .
a floor pickled the delicious delicious pickled floor .
a president wanted a pickle !
a pickled floor kissed a perplexed pickled sandwich under a chief of staff .
every floor wanted the fine pickled delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff .
a fine fine fine president understood a pickled floor .
every pickled delicious sandwich ate the floor .
a fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickle wanted the pickled fine pickled delicious sandwich .
a president wanted the floor !
a perplexed delicious pickle understood the fine pickled president .
is it true that a president pickled the floor ?
the fine pickle pickled the floor .
a pickled perplexed floor ate every delicious pickled president !
a sandwich wanted the pickled pickled president !
every fine pickled fine floor pickled a pickled delicious delicious fine pickle .
every fine floor kissed every floor !
every pickle pickled a perplexed chief of staff in every chief of staff .
a pickled delicious floor in a floor wanted the pickle under a chief of staff under the pickle !
the pickle wanted a sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed fine delicious sandwich ate the pickled president .
the delicious pickle ate the floor !
every chief of staff under the fine fine chief of staff wanted the floor .
a sandwich wanted every pickled delicious fine perplexed fine sandwich .
every sandwich understood every perplexed floor .
the fine perplexed chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
the fine sandwich pickled the president .
every perplexed pickle understood a perplexed president !
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate every chief of staff ?
every perplexed delicious fine president kissed the chief of staff .
the president kissed every sandwich .
the president ate the pickle !
every delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickle kissed a president .
a president understood every floor .
every perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff wanted the perplexed chief of staff !
every sandwich wanted a sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed fine pickle wanted every fine delicious floor ?
the president pickled a chief of staff !
the fine sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that a floor ate the pickle ?
every chief of staff wanted the pickle .
a president understood every sandwich .
every sandwich ate the pickle !
the sandwich ate every floor .
the chief of staff ate every delicious pickled perplexed fine president .
is it true that a delicious president kissed the pickled sandwich ?
a pickled president wanted a president .
is it true that the pickle understood the president on every sandwich ?
is it true that the pickled pickled president ate a fine delicious fine pickled chief of staff ?
a pickle wanted the sandwich !
the president kissed the chief of staff .
every floor pickled a chief of staff !
the chief of staff ate the floor .
the fine perplexed president pickled every pickle .
every pickled perplexed perplexed delicious delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich !
a president understood a president .
is it true that the president kissed a pickle ?
a perplexed perplexed pickle kissed every fine sandwich .
the pickled perplexed pickled president understood a delicious president .
the pickle kissed a floor !
the president in a fine pickled president in every delicious chief of staff understood every sandwich .
the pickled fine perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff .
every fine pickled chief of staff ate every sandwich .
the president wanted the delicious floor .
the pickled sandwich kissed the pickled fine fine president .
is it true that a fine perplexed sandwich understood the president ?
every delicious president in a floor pickled a pickled pickled perplexed sandwich under the president .
every sandwich understood the fine pickled delicious fine chief of staff !
the floor ate every president under the delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed fine pickle ate every pickle .
is it true that the floor on the pickled president understood a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff ?
a perplexed sandwich understood every pickled pickled pickle under a delicious pickled pickled pickled delicious sandwich .
a perplexed fine sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
the chief of staff wanted the fine delicious delicious chief of staff .
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a fine pickled fine fine delicious perplexed sandwich !
the pickled fine sandwich understood a perplexed pickled president .
every floor pickled a pickle .
a perplexed chief of staff kissed every perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich .
the pickled pickled president wanted a president under a perplexed pickle !
is it true that the pickle on the chief of staff pickled the floor ?
a delicious pickled delicious delicious pickled fine delicious sandwich kissed the floor .
the pickle ate the pickled pickled delicious pickle .
every perplexed pickle wanted a pickle .
the sandwich kissed every delicious fine perplexed sandwich .
every delicious fine floor kissed the perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
every fine chief of staff wanted every fine pickled floor !
every perplexed president ate a fine president on the floor .
is it true that every fine pickle kissed the sandwich ?
the perplexed pickled president ate every sandwich .
every chief of staff kissed the floor !
the delicious pickle understood a fine sandwich .
every chief of staff kissed every pickled pickle .
the sandwich understood every pickle .
the pickle kissed a pickled chief of staff .
every floor pickled a floor !
the fine pickled floor with every president on every perplexed fine floor under a president ate every pickle .
a perplexed pickled sandwich pickled a fine pickle .
the chief of staff ate a delicious pickle .
is it true that a fine pickle understood a president ?
every fine delicious floor kissed the president .
every sandwich pickled the sandwich .
the sandwich in the pickle kissed every chief of staff !
a pickled fine perplexed president kissed every fine pickled floor .
every president pickled every delicious sandwich .
the president ate every chief of staff !
is it true that every floor wanted every floor ?
a president pickled the pickle .
is it true that the fine perplexed fine president understood a delicious president ?
the perplexed floor kissed the floor .
the floor pickled a president in every chief of staff .
every sandwich ate the pickle .
every delicious delicious sandwich kissed a chief of staff !
a sandwich pickled a chief of staff !
the pickled floor pickled a chief of staff !
every chief of staff wanted a pickle !
a delicious delicious sandwich understood every pickle .
a fine president kissed every delicious floor !
every perplexed delicious president kissed a pickle .
the floor ate a pickled delicious fine perplexed pickled pickled floor !
every sandwich wanted every fine fine fine fine pickle .
a floor understood every president !
every floor kissed a perplexed fine chief of staff !
a fine pickle understood the president .
a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed delicious pickle wanted every fine floor .
the chief of staff ate the pickled fine pickle .
a fine chief of staff wanted the pickled perplexed pickled perplexed delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickled fine perplexed floor .
a president wanted every pickled delicious president .
every president pickled the pickled chief of staff !
a pickle in every floor understood a floor .
every fine pickle ate every chief of staff .
the perplexed fine president pickled the delicious pickled chief of staff .
the sandwich wanted every perplexed sandwich !
a floor understood a chief of staff !
a president under the fine delicious pickled chief of staff understood every pickle !
is it true that every perplexed delicious delicious floor understood a sandwich ?
every perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed fine fine fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
a pickle kissed a sandwich !
the chief of staff with the fine president understood the delicious pickled chief of staff .
the chief of staff understood a sandwich .
the floor pickled a delicious president .
the fine chief of staff understood the president !
the pickled delicious pickle understood a pickle .
is it true that the pickled president with every delicious delicious pickle ate every pickle ?
is it true that a sandwich understood a perplexed fine chief of staff under a pickled floor on a sandwich ?
every floor under the perplexed sandwich ate every pickle .
the pickled perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickled fine pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff !
is it true that the sandwich wanted a delicious delicious sandwich ?
every floor pickled every pickle .
a pickle ate a president .
every chief of staff pickled a chief of staff with the delicious floor .
every chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickle .
the fine pickled delicious pickle kissed every perplexed sandwich .
the fine floor ate a delicious perplexed president !
is it true that every floor wanted every chief of staff ?
a pickle pickled a pickled perplexed president !
every sandwich wanted a delicious pickle !
is it true that every perplexed delicious sandwich ate a chief of staff ?
every delicious delicious perplexed pickled floor ate every delicious fine perplexed fine pickle !
a fine fine pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood every chief of staff .
the perplexed chief of staff under every delicious delicious floor wanted a sandwich .
the fine perplexed perplexed floor kissed a sandwich .
the pickled president ate a fine pickled sandwich .
every floor pickled the pickle !
every pickled chief of staff ate every fine president .
the president wanted a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich .
every pickled pickled pickled pickled pickled fine sandwich wanted the pickled delicious chief of staff .
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich pickled every perplexed sandwich ?
the fine floor pickled a chief of staff .
the pickled delicious fine delicious floor kissed a pickled chief of staff .
a delicious president wanted the chief of staff !
the president understood a delicious sandwich !
a delicious perplexed floor pickled a pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich on the president ate a floor with every floor under every sandwich in every floor .
every fine fine president kissed every delicious floor .
the pickled floor ate the fine delicious fine delicious president !
every pickled pickle ate the sandwich .
is it true that every president under every pickled delicious floor ate a pickled president ?
is it true that a pickled pickled delicious perplexed chief of staff under every pickled sandwich wanted every delicious pickle ?
a perplexed pickled floor ate a president .
a floor ate the pickled sandwich .
a chief of staff pickled every pickled sandwich .
is it true that a delicious delicious president pickled a chief of staff ?
every perplexed perplexed floor kissed every president !
the floor understood every perplexed delicious chief of staff !
the fine president in every floor wanted a pickled fine floor .
the fine president understood every sandwich !
a perplexed fine chief of staff ate every president !
every pickle understood every pickle .
every fine fine president pickled every pickle !
a pickled chief of staff wanted a fine pickle .
every perplexed perplexed president ate every chief of staff .
every president ate the pickled president .
a fine sandwich ate every sandwich .
is it true that the pickled president in every pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff understood every pickle ?
the president pickled the pickle !
the sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff !
the pickle understood a pickle .
a pickled sandwich understood a pickle !
the pickle ate every sandwich !
is it true that the president kissed a delicious perplexed fine pickle ?
is it true that a perplexed delicious fine pickled pickle pickled a chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor understood a president ?
the president ate the fine chief of staff under a delicious pickled fine chief of staff .
a pickle pickled a sandwich !
is it true that a floor pickled the president ?
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every sandwich ?
the fine president kissed the sandwich !
every pickled sandwich understood the pickled president .
is it true that a pickle wanted the pickled fine floor under a floor ?
a pickle pickled the chief of staff !
the fine president kissed a sandwich .
is it true that the floor wanted every delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff in every pickled floor ?
every chief of staff understood the pickled fine perplexed fine delicious delicious chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted the floor !
the sandwich pickled the sandwich .
the delicious president wanted every pickle .
every perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff under the president pickled every pickle with a floor .
the sandwich understood the president !
every fine chief of staff pickled a floor .
a perplexed floor understood a pickle .
a pickled pickle ate every chief of staff !
is it true that the perplexed president kissed a fine sandwich ?
a chief of staff ate the perplexed pickle .
every sandwich understood every fine sandwich .
is it true that a pickled pickle understood the chief of staff ?
a fine perplexed president wanted a floor .
every chief of staff ate every perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff !
a pickled floor kissed the fine perplexed president on a sandwich .
every floor wanted the fine delicious pickle .
a pickled pickled fine perplexed pickled president wanted a sandwich .
a pickled delicious pickled perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff ate every fine floor !
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every fine pickled delicious sandwich ?
a floor kissed the pickle .
the president wanted every chief of staff !
the sandwich ate a president in a floor with every pickled delicious pickled fine president !
every chief of staff kissed the perplexed chief of staff .
the perplexed president wanted the fine pickle .
the pickle ate the fine perplexed president !
a perplexed president wanted a delicious chief of staff !
every pickled president ate every pickle .
every delicious delicious floor ate every sandwich !
a sandwich understood a delicious perplexed president !
the sandwich ate a president under the chief of staff !
every delicious delicious chief of staff pickled every chief of staff !
the fine floor understood the president !
a chief of staff understood a perplexed delicious chief of staff !
the president understood a delicious chief of staff .
the pickled pickled fine delicious president wanted every pickled delicious fine pickled pickled fine sandwich !
the delicious delicious delicious floor pickled the perplexed pickle .
every fine president pickled every perplexed sandwich !
a president kissed a perplexed pickle .
the sandwich wanted the fine sandwich under every perplexed sandwich !
every chief of staff understood a sandwich !
the pickled pickled pickled perplexed fine chief of staff kissed a fine delicious sandwich !
every pickle understood the sandwich on every floor .
every fine pickled chief of staff kissed a president !
the chief of staff kissed a pickle .
a fine fine chief of staff understood the delicious fine fine pickled pickle !
is it true that every floor understood every fine pickle ?
is it true that a sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed floor ?
a floor kissed every floor .
the floor wanted every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious pickled floor in every sandwich !
a floor kissed the perplexed president .
the chief of staff wanted a fine pickle !
is it true that the pickle wanted a president in the fine fine delicious floor ?
every fine fine chief of staff pickled the delicious pickled sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff ate a chief of staff ?
a pickle kissed every fine perplexed sandwich .
the delicious sandwich wanted every pickle !
the perplexed perplexed floor kissed the sandwich .
is it true that a floor kissed a pickled floor ?
a sandwich pickled the delicious fine fine perplexed chief of staff !
a delicious fine president kissed a perplexed delicious pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed president .
is it true that a floor kissed the delicious delicious fine delicious pickle ?
every perplexed fine pickle wanted the perplexed pickled pickled sandwich .
every president on a pickled delicious pickled delicious pickled pickled pickle ate a pickle .
the pickle ate the delicious delicious sandwich .
a pickle ate the pickled pickle .
every fine chief of staff wanted the perplexed chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff understood every perplexed sandwich .
a delicious floor kissed a pickled floor .
a president pickled a perplexed sandwich .
the chief of staff wanted every perplexed floor .
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff !
a president pickled the fine pickled sandwich !
every fine fine chief of staff kissed a delicious fine perplexed pickled president with every delicious sandwich .
the floor wanted every president !
the sandwich understood a chief of staff .
is it true that every president wanted every perplexed floor ?
a sandwich wanted every pickle .
every sandwich kissed every pickled sandwich .
a floor kissed the pickle .
every pickled chief of staff ate every pickled pickle .
a perplexed delicious pickled sandwich kissed every president !
every fine pickled sandwich pickled the fine pickle .
the president pickled a fine floor .
a perplexed floor ate the floor .
every chief of staff kissed a fine perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled pickle in every sandwich under a pickled fine chief of staff understood every fine perplexed delicious perplexed fine pickled pickled sandwich ?
every fine perplexed sandwich understood every chief of staff !
every delicious fine delicious sandwich wanted every pickled floor !
a chief of staff kissed the president .
the pickle wanted a floor .
a delicious fine pickle ate every perplexed delicious floor !
the sandwich kissed every fine chief of staff !
every floor ate every pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious perplexed delicious pickled delicious pickled pickled fine chief of staff wanted every pickled pickled fine pickle ?
a pickled chief of staff wanted a fine fine president .
every pickled delicious president wanted a pickled pickle !
the floor kissed every delicious delicious chief of staff .
a fine delicious pickled fine delicious pickled chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich .
a pickled perplexed sandwich ate a president .
is it true that the pickle kissed the delicious sandwich with every president ?
every chief of staff understood a fine fine delicious perplexed pickle with every pickle in the perplexed fine pickle !
every sandwich pickled the fine pickle .
every perplexed pickled fine fine perplexed sandwich kissed a floor .
a floor pickled a chief of staff .
a fine delicious pickled pickle ate every chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled president ate a pickled delicious president ?
every pickled perplexed floor understood every delicious pickled delicious sandwich .
the sandwich pickled a president !
the floor ate the pickled sandwich .
is it true that the president kissed the sandwich ?
every pickled chief of staff understood the delicious sandwich in every sandwich .
every pickle pickled the pickled chief of staff !
a perplexed pickle kissed a pickle !
a perplexed pickle pickled a sandwich .
every president ate the floor .
is it true that a pickle ate a fine fine delicious president ?
the perplexed pickled president with a floor wanted the floor .
the perplexed floor in a fine pickled pickle understood a pickle .
is it true that a pickle wanted a fine perplexed president ?
a pickle wanted the chief of staff .
the perplexed fine floor under a perplexed fine sandwich with the delicious pickled delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted a fine fine president .
the chief of staff wanted the pickle !
a delicious sandwich ate the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a floor pickled the delicious fine pickled sandwich !
is it true that the pickle wanted a president under a delicious perplexed pickled fine delicious floor ?
the president kissed the sandwich .
the president kissed every president !
the sandwich ate the delicious perplexed pickle .
is it true that a fine sandwich wanted a pickled pickle ?
a fine pickle kissed a pickled sandwich !
a delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff understood a president !
the delicious perplexed sandwich wanted the sandwich .
the president kissed every pickle !
the floor kissed the fine chief of staff !
a pickled floor understood the delicious floor .
a pickle ate a pickled pickled president .
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff wanted a sandwich ?
is it true that every chief of staff pickled the pickle ?
every pickled president understood the perplexed perplexed delicious fine president .
a delicious fine chief of staff understood the perplexed floor !
a pickle understood every president .
the sandwich understood a fine sandwich !
is it true that the fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed perplexed president kissed every delicious pickled pickled president ?
every floor ate every sandwich .
a fine sandwich ate a sandwich .
every fine floor ate every floor .
every floor wanted a fine floor .
is it true that a pickled pickle in every president kissed every floor ?
a floor kissed every pickled perplexed pickle under every floor .
the delicious sandwich kissed the pickle .
a pickled fine sandwich pickled the sandwich !
every pickled pickle wanted every floor .
is it true that every delicious fine president pickled the sandwich ?
every floor kissed the president .
the chief of staff kissed a president !
a delicious fine pickled pickled fine delicious pickled pickled sandwich under a president ate the fine perplexed fine president in the floor !
a pickled sandwich pickled the fine perplexed pickled chief of staff .
every perplexed pickled perplexed pickled fine pickle wanted every chief of staff !
every floor ate every sandwich .
is it true that the pickle understood the pickled pickle ?
every fine sandwich ate a perplexed pickle .
a pickle understood a perplexed pickled pickle .
a pickled sandwich wanted the floor !
the chief of staff wanted a fine pickled fine floor !
a pickle ate every fine perplexed fine pickle .
the chief of staff understood a floor !
the pickle pickled the pickle !
the sandwich wanted the president .
a delicious pickled fine pickled pickled floor wanted every pickle .
the perplexed president kissed a perplexed delicious fine president .
every president wanted every delicious pickle .
a president in every pickled fine perplexed sandwich pickled a perplexed floor !
the sandwich pickled a pickle .
is it true that the delicious perplexed pickled fine chief of staff understood a delicious pickled floor ?
is it true that a delicious fine president understood the delicious delicious delicious chief of staff ?
a sandwich understood a president .
a pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff !
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
the perplexed delicious floor kissed the delicious fine chief of staff .
the pickled pickle wanted every pickle .
every sandwich pickled a pickled chief of staff .
every pickle understood a sandwich .
every floor with a president kissed a floor !
every chief of staff on a chief of staff understood every president !
every president pickled the chief of staff .
the sandwich understood a floor with the floor !
every delicious floor ate the floor .
the perplexed perplexed floor under a president understood every pickle .
every fine fine pickled chief of staff with the floor kissed every president on the pickle !
every chief of staff pickled every president !
the president in a floor under a sandwich wanted a pickled floor .
the pickled pickle ate every sandwich .
a sandwich understood every pickle .
every fine perplexed perplexed perplexed president kissed every floor .
the pickled pickled chief of staff pickled every pickled president with a fine perplexed perplexed pickle .
the pickled fine delicious chief of staff ate a fine pickle .
every pickle pickled every sandwich !
the perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff with every perplexed pickled perplexed president ate a pickled president !
a pickle pickled a delicious perplexed sandwich !
every delicious floor understood the fine sandwich under the delicious chief of staff under the president .
is it true that every floor wanted every sandwich ?
is it true that the pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickled president wanted a pickled sandwich on a chief of staff ?
every perplexed chief of staff wanted the president .
every pickled sandwich understood every perplexed pickle .
the pickle pickled the pickle !
a perplexed pickle kissed a pickle .
every chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
the pickle kissed the chief of staff .
every perplexed chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
every delicious floor understood every floor !
every pickled delicious delicious sandwich kissed every perplexed pickled floor .
every pickled perplexed floor pickled a president .
the president pickled the delicious fine fine fine president under the president .
a president kissed the delicious fine perplexed floor !
is it true that every chief of staff ate the fine chief of staff ?
is it true that a floor kissed every president ?
the chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff .
the president wanted every sandwich .
every sandwich understood every pickle !
a sandwich kissed a chief of staff !
every chief of staff kissed a delicious perplexed fine pickle .
the president ate a pickled sandwich .
the pickled chief of staff kissed every fine pickle .
is it true that a floor ate every pickle ?
a perplexed president pickled the floor .
every president understood a fine fine pickled floor .
every perplexed pickled pickled president wanted every delicious delicious sandwich !
is it true that a president pickled the pickled fine chief of staff ?
a pickled floor ate every fine fine pickled pickled fine sandwich !
the chief of staff wanted every floor !
is it true that a pickled floor kissed the perplexed president ?
every delicious fine pickled chief of staff understood a pickled president .
every fine chief of staff understood a delicious president !
a pickle pickled the president .
is it true that a sandwich kissed every floor ?
a pickle ate every fine perplexed delicious chief of staff !
a pickle kissed the pickle .
is it true that a pickled chief of staff with a sandwich under the fine president wanted every perplexed chief of staff ?
a sandwich pickled a fine perplexed floor .
the pickled fine fine pickle ate every perplexed sandwich .
the delicious pickle wanted the president .
every fine chief of staff kissed the floor .
the sandwich ate the sandwich !
a fine chief of staff pickled a perplexed delicious president .
is it true that a pickled pickle wanted the floor ?
the pickled fine chief of staff understood every chief of staff .
every fine delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor .
the fine fine president pickled a fine sandwich .
a pickled president pickled a perplexed fine pickle !
the pickle pickled every chief of staff .
every pickle pickled a pickle !
is it true that every pickled fine perplexed sandwich kissed the fine perplexed president ?
every perplexed delicious floor ate a president .
the fine pickle pickled the pickle .
every sandwich with a fine pickled delicious pickled delicious perplexed pickle on a chief of staff under a pickle ate a pickle .
every pickled pickled floor wanted the floor .
every delicious chief of staff understood a fine delicious pickle !
every perplexed pickle kissed every floor in a floor .
a pickle wanted a sandwich .
every perplexed perplexed pickle understood every perplexed president .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ?
the pickled sandwich on the fine floor ate a delicious chief of staff .
every delicious pickled pickled pickle kissed every floor .
a perplexed fine perplexed sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff pickled the delicious pickle .
every delicious fine president wanted a president under a fine perplexed perplexed president .
is it true that a sandwich ate a president ?
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickle ?
every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted every pickled fine pickled delicious pickled pickled delicious pickled fine pickled pickle !
every pickled fine perplexed floor ate every sandwich !
a sandwich wanted the pickle !
the pickled chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
a chief of staff wanted every perplexed pickled perplexed delicious sandwich .
the president pickled every pickle !
a floor understood a chief of staff !
the fine chief of staff under every pickle ate the floor .
the perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed floor pickled the perplexed sandwich .
a chief of staff understood every president .
the pickle wanted the perplexed pickled chief of staff under the president .
the delicious president understood the chief of staff !
is it true that every fine delicious delicious sandwich kissed the floor ?
every perplexed pickle understood the president !
a sandwich understood the chief of staff .
the pickled floor wanted every fine fine pickled perplexed president .
the pickled perplexed fine president ate the chief of staff .
the pickled president wanted a pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed chief of staff understood the president .
every perplexed president in a chief of staff understood the delicious delicious chief of staff !
every pickled pickle wanted the pickle .
the fine pickled fine delicious pickled fine fine perplexed president ate a pickle .
the president ate the perplexed fine pickle !
is it true that the floor wanted the fine floor ?
the fine perplexed sandwich under a floor kissed every perplexed perplexed pickle .
the delicious floor kissed every pickled delicious fine sandwich in a pickle with the chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted a floor .
a delicious perplexed sandwich ate every pickle in a sandwich !
the floor ate the pickle !
the perplexed perplexed fine sandwich ate every sandwich .
a fine floor understood every pickle .
the sandwich ate every sandwich .
a sandwich understood the pickle .
every pickled fine sandwich pickled every president in a perplexed delicious chief of staff !
is it true that every fine chief of staff pickled every pickled delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickle ate the pickle ?
a perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickle .
a floor understood the chief of staff .
the sandwich understood a floor .
a perplexed perplexed pickle understood every delicious fine pickle !
every pickled chief of staff kissed every chief of staff !
the sandwich understood every perplexed pickled chief of staff !
every pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that every president understood every fine pickle ?
the pickled chief of staff ate a pickled pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled the fine perplexed floor .
every floor wanted the president under a sandwich .
the floor ate the perplexed chief of staff !
the fine fine floor wanted the perplexed pickle on the chief of staff !
is it true that every delicious president kissed every president ?
every floor kissed a pickle on a chief of staff .
is it true that every delicious president under every fine perplexed chief of staff pickled a pickle in the sandwich ?
every delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a perplexed floor .
a fine delicious fine pickle in every delicious perplexed pickle understood a perplexed floor !
a pickle pickled a president .
is it true that a fine fine pickled floor understood the pickled sandwich ?
a fine sandwich wanted a floor !
every perplexed delicious pickled fine pickled perplexed pickle wanted the president !
every fine floor kissed the perplexed pickle !
the pickled fine fine sandwich wanted every perplexed president !
a chief of staff wanted the delicious delicious delicious pickle .
the floor ate a president .
a chief of staff understood the fine fine perplexed pickle .
a sandwich on the fine fine chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
every pickled chief of staff pickled a sandwich under every fine perplexed pickle on a president .
every floor on the perplexed perplexed pickled president understood every pickle !
a floor understood the president .
every fine delicious fine perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the floor .
the chief of staff understood a pickle !
every president pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious delicious pickle ate the floor ?
the perplexed president kissed a delicious president in a fine pickled sandwich !
is it true that the pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ate a president ?
every pickled perplexed pickled delicious president ate the pickle !
the pickled perplexed fine sandwich in every chief of staff wanted the pickled fine pickle !
every pickle pickled every floor !
is it true that every pickled perplexed pickled perplexed delicious pickle kissed a pickled chief of staff ?
the president understood a perplexed chief of staff in the chief of staff !
every chief of staff wanted the pickle .
every president pickled a delicious perplexed president !
the sandwich pickled a pickle .
a chief of staff understood the pickled president !
a pickle wanted the delicious floor .
every delicious pickled pickled pickled sandwich ate every floor .
a fine perplexed pickled perplexed president pickled every president !
every delicious floor pickled every president .
the sandwich kissed the pickle on every fine chief of staff !
the president under a perplexed sandwich ate every delicious floor in a fine president on the pickled delicious fine pickled pickled pickled pickle .
every fine fine delicious floor wanted a pickle .
a delicious sandwich ate the floor !
a pickled pickled fine perplexed pickle pickled the pickled delicious pickled fine president .
the delicious floor understood the fine president .
the delicious pickle pickled a president .
is it true that every delicious delicious pickle understood the pickled delicious fine pickled fine pickled sandwich ?
the sandwich wanted a perplexed delicious chief of staff .
the sandwich understood the chief of staff .
the fine pickle understood every perplexed pickled pickle under every fine pickled floor !
the delicious floor on every president kissed a delicious president .
is it true that every floor kissed a floor ?
the perplexed floor pickled every fine pickled perplexed president !
a pickle pickled the floor !
is it true that every pickle ate the sandwich on every chief of staff ?
a perplexed chief of staff in a floor ate a sandwich .
a floor wanted a perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff .
a pickled pickled president kissed a president .
the pickled pickled pickle understood every pickle .
the delicious fine pickled floor understood a chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled a pickled floor .
every fine delicious sandwich pickled every president !
a fine pickle pickled every chief of staff .
a president pickled every delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a floor ate a pickle under every chief of staff with every sandwich .
a delicious perplexed floor understood every pickled perplexed delicious delicious sandwich !
every sandwich pickled a chief of staff with the perplexed fine president .
every sandwich ate a floor .
every fine chief of staff pickled the pickled delicious pickle !
a fine pickled perplexed pickled pickle ate the floor !
the sandwich understood the floor .
every delicious perplexed delicious pickle understood a pickle !
a floor understood a fine president .
a pickle pickled every floor .
the pickle understood a floor !
every fine perplexed pickle ate a pickled pickled floor !
a pickle pickled the perplexed sandwich !
a pickle pickled every perplexed pickled sandwich .
is it true that the pickled pickled floor understood every chief of staff ?
is it true that every fine delicious pickled fine floor ate a sandwich ?
a delicious president ate every pickle .
the fine fine floor kissed the fine perplexed pickled chief of staff .
the pickled floor understood a pickled delicious floor .
every perplexed pickle pickled the president !
every sandwich pickled every floor .
a chief of staff understood a perplexed president .
every pickled pickled fine pickled perplexed perplexed floor pickled the floor .
the perplexed pickled floor ate the floor .
a president wanted every delicious sandwich .
a perplexed president kissed every chief of staff !
every chief of staff in every chief of staff wanted the fine president .
every delicious pickled chief of staff ate every sandwich .
every president kissed the sandwich !
a perplexed pickle ate a perplexed fine president .
every delicious pickled president pickled every sandwich .
the perplexed pickle ate every pickled pickled pickle .
a pickle under a pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every delicious floor .
a floor ate a perplexed chief of staff !
every sandwich kissed a delicious pickle .
the sandwich wanted the perplexed perplexed president .
every delicious chief of staff understood every pickled chief of staff !
is it true that a pickled floor wanted every perplexed pickle ?
the delicious pickle understood a perplexed floor .
a pickle ate the pickled fine pickled sandwich !
every fine perplexed president wanted every sandwich .
is it true that a delicious president ate every pickle ?
every sandwich ate the delicious chief of staff .
the pickle kissed the pickle !
every pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
the fine chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
every sandwich on the delicious delicious pickle ate a pickled chief of staff !
every pickle kissed every president !
the chief of staff pickled a floor !
the delicious pickled delicious delicious sandwich kissed every fine perplexed chief of staff !
the chief of staff wanted a president .
every fine delicious perplexed delicious pickle wanted every sandwich !
a floor wanted every delicious floor .
every pickled perplexed pickled floor kissed the perplexed pickled pickled chief of staff .
the delicious pickle on the delicious chief of staff with a floor on a president ate the chief of staff .
every pickle kissed every president .
is it true that a perplexed chief of staff pickled a perplexed chief of staff ?
the perplexed floor wanted every pickled floor .
the president on every perplexed floor understood the fine president .
the delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich .
every fine delicious delicious delicious pickle pickled the pickle .
every perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich wanted a fine president .
a sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed president !
the fine president pickled every fine fine perplexed chief of staff !
the pickle wanted a chief of staff .
the sandwich wanted every president !
the delicious chief of staff with the pickle ate a pickled fine president !
the floor under a floor kissed the pickled pickled pickle in every fine chief of staff !
a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff .
a fine pickle kissed every delicious sandwich !
every floor kissed a fine pickled perplexed floor !
a delicious president kissed the sandwich .
every pickle kissed a delicious sandwich .
every perplexed fine floor understood the pickle .
every pickle understood a sandwich .
the pickled fine pickled perplexed floor understood every delicious delicious sandwich !
is it true that the fine floor kissed every floor ?
every chief of staff kissed a pickled chief of staff !
every floor kissed every floor .
a perplexed president ate a delicious floor on every delicious floor .
every chief of staff understood every perplexed delicious chief of staff !
every delicious pickle kissed every perplexed perplexed floor .
the perplexed delicious pickled fine pickled floor pickled a president !
the pickled delicious chief of staff pickled the pickled pickle .
every pickle pickled every pickle !
the delicious fine perplexed pickled delicious delicious delicious fine delicious chief of staff with every perplexed delicious floor wanted a chief of staff !
the pickle ate the chief of staff with every fine perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed floor understood every sandwich ?
a perplexed perplexed pickled pickled sandwich understood the perplexed pickle !
a delicious president ate the president !
the pickle ate the pickle !
the fine fine perplexed sandwich pickled every president .
the pickle on every chief of staff understood the president .
every perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every president .
the pickled pickle pickled the delicious sandwich .
a floor kissed a president .
every fine delicious perplexed pickled fine sandwich wanted the pickle !
is it true that a president wanted a sandwich on the pickle ?
a sandwich kissed the sandwich .
every perplexed fine sandwich understood every sandwich !
the pickle kissed every fine perplexed pickled delicious delicious floor .
the sandwich wanted a sandwich !
every president pickled a president .
every fine chief of staff pickled the floor !
every delicious perplexed fine fine president kissed a perplexed pickle !
every pickle wanted the pickled pickle .
is it true that a perplexed delicious fine delicious pickle wanted the perplexed president under every president ?
the floor with every floor under the fine pickle on every floor wanted the pickle !
every floor ate every chief of staff .
every perplexed pickle ate every perplexed chief of staff !
the fine president kissed a pickle .
the pickled president ate a president .
every fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff !
the chief of staff ate the pickled delicious perplexed floor .
every chief of staff ate every president !
the sandwich kissed every fine fine floor .
a pickle pickled every delicious pickled sandwich .
a perplexed fine fine pickle kissed every perplexed pickled perplexed fine pickle !
every fine perplexed floor kissed the sandwich .
a chief of staff understood a fine delicious fine perplexed delicious pickle .
a floor wanted the fine perplexed perplexed fine fine perplexed pickled perplexed pickled president .
the chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle .
every pickle ate every sandwich .
is it true that a floor ate a chief of staff ?
every perplexed president pickled the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff .
the floor wanted the delicious pickled pickle .
the pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff .
the perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted the president .
a sandwich kissed a president !
the sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
the floor ate the pickled delicious pickled fine delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich .
is it true that the delicious fine perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff ate the pickle ?
every pickle ate every perplexed sandwich .
every delicious pickle pickled a delicious pickled pickle under the pickle .
a floor wanted the delicious chief of staff with every chief of staff under every fine pickled chief of staff !
a sandwich pickled the pickle !
the pickle in every pickle ate the president .
the floor wanted a delicious sandwich .
a chief of staff wanted the delicious fine chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed the floor ?
is it true that a floor pickled a pickle ?
every pickle pickled a sandwich !
the pickle kissed a chief of staff on a floor .
a fine delicious floor pickled the president !
the sandwich pickled every president !
every pickle wanted the pickle .
is it true that every fine pickled fine floor kissed every chief of staff ?
the perplexed pickle wanted the fine fine delicious pickled delicious pickled fine president .
the president pickled the chief of staff .
is it true that every pickled delicious perplexed perplexed delicious pickled pickled delicious floor in a floor understood the fine president ?
every perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff .
a pickle ate every perplexed pickled sandwich !
a fine sandwich wanted a pickled delicious chief of staff !
every delicious pickle pickled a perplexed sandwich .
a delicious chief of staff kissed the fine delicious floor .
the president under a fine floor kissed a chief of staff .
every pickled president wanted a floor !
a floor pickled a pickled president .
every pickled delicious pickle ate every floor with every sandwich !
the sandwich understood a pickle .
the perplexed sandwich understood every fine floor .
is it true that the sandwich ate the chief of staff ?
every pickled delicious delicious pickled floor kissed every pickle !
the perplexed president pickled the perplexed pickled chief of staff .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich pickled the fine delicious chief of staff .
the floor ate a fine floor .
every floor in every delicious chief of staff wanted a delicious pickled perplexed floor .
a pickled president wanted the president .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled fine sandwich under a sandwich ?
is it true that every president in the floor ate every pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickled sandwich ?
the sandwich pickled every president .
every pickled sandwich kissed the pickle .
is it true that the fine pickle ate a pickle ?
a perplexed delicious president under a fine president ate every perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious delicious perplexed sandwich kissed every pickled president with a fine delicious fine president .
is it true that the chief of staff ate the sandwich ?
a pickle kissed every chief of staff .
every pickled perplexed delicious perplexed president kissed the fine floor !
the floor ate a delicious chief of staff !
every fine president under every fine floor ate every pickled pickle .
a perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed delicious pickle in every fine sandwich kissed every pickle .
the perplexed fine delicious president pickled a delicious floor !
the pickled floor pickled a fine pickle .
a perplexed floor pickled a sandwich in a perplexed chief of staff !
a fine pickled president understood every perplexed fine president .
every floor pickled every pickled fine pickled delicious delicious fine perplexed president .
the sandwich understood the chief of staff .
the floor wanted a delicious fine chief of staff !
a delicious pickle ate the pickle !
the perplexed president kissed the president .
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff !
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff !
every sandwich understood a pickled sandwich !
a president with a president kissed the president .
every pickle ate a pickled president .
every pickle under a sandwich in a fine chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
the perplexed fine sandwich understood every fine floor !
a chief of staff ate every pickle .
is it true that the floor kissed the sandwich with every delicious chief of staff in a president ?
a president understood every pickle .
a delicious chief of staff ate a floor .
the president kissed the perplexed chief of staff with every fine pickle !
the president kissed every sandwich !
is it true that a president pickled the perplexed president ?
is it true that every chief of staff wanted a pickled perplexed pickle under every pickled pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich in the pickle ?
every floor kissed a pickled fine president .
is it true that every perplexed chief of staff understood every sandwich on every president ?
is it true that every fine sandwich kissed every pickled fine chief of staff ?
every floor ate a pickled president !
every president kissed every pickle !
every delicious delicious fine fine fine delicious pickle ate a delicious delicious chief of staff .
every perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the pickled sandwich .
a chief of staff understood every perplexed perplexed sandwich .
the delicious president under the floor pickled the sandwich with a floor under the president .
every chief of staff kissed the delicious chief of staff on a sandwich !
is it true that a pickle pickled a fine perplexed fine perplexed president with the pickle ?
a fine sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed president understood the fine fine president ?
the perplexed chief of staff pickled every president with every perplexed delicious fine delicious delicious pickled president .
the perplexed sandwich wanted every president !
a pickled delicious president ate every pickle .
the sandwich under every sandwich understood the chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
every perplexed president kissed a perplexed pickled pickled pickle !
a delicious delicious delicious pickle with the pickled delicious president wanted the pickled perplexed pickle !
every president understood every perplexed fine fine fine sandwich .
the pickle kissed every perplexed fine pickle .
every delicious president pickled every pickle .
is it true that the floor pickled the delicious perplexed pickle ?
the president pickled a perplexed fine perplexed fine sandwich !
is it true that the chief of staff in a floor kissed every president on the fine fine perplexed sandwich ?
every president wanted a pickled floor .
the president understood the president .
every chief of staff pickled every president .
the pickled pickled pickled delicious floor understood every delicious perplexed delicious president with every floor under every pickled fine floor !
every chief of staff understood every pickle !
the delicious delicious pickle wanted a pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickle .
a pickle with a delicious delicious president understood the perplexed floor .
is it true that the delicious chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ?
is it true that a pickled president kissed every floor ?
a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff with every floor ate every floor !
every sandwich pickled the fine pickle in the fine floor in a perplexed chief of staff under the pickle in a chief of staff .
every delicious floor pickled every pickle .
is it true that the pickled president pickled a sandwich ?
every floor ate a floor with every sandwich with the fine president .
every chief of staff wanted the fine pickle !
a pickle understood every chief of staff .
every president kissed the perplexed delicious fine sandwich .
every pickle pickled every sandwich !
is it true that the president pickled every pickled pickle ?
is it true that every pickle kissed a delicious delicious perplexed president under a pickled chief of staff ?
every fine pickled fine chief of staff wanted the sandwich .
a fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich wanted a sandwich !
a chief of staff ate the pickle .
is it true that the pickled perplexed pickle wanted every perplexed fine delicious chief of staff ?
a sandwich kissed the perplexed fine delicious fine floor under the chief of staff .
every delicious sandwich wanted a pickle !
a chief of staff wanted a sandwich .
is it true that every perplexed pickle pickled every chief of staff ?
the fine perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled floor under every delicious perplexed fine president with every pickled floor with every perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff !
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every delicious pickle ?
a perplexed floor kissed a sandwich .
the fine floor wanted a president !
the president pickled the pickled delicious pickle !
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff .
is it true that the chief of staff understood the president ?
a president with the president understood the pickled president !
every president pickled every perplexed pickled fine president !
every chief of staff wanted the perplexed chief of staff .
the floor wanted a president !
a perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickled delicious chief of staff kissed every fine floor .
the delicious sandwich understood a pickled president !
every delicious chief of staff pickled a delicious pickled chief of staff !
a pickled fine president wanted every delicious delicious floor .
a chief of staff understood every fine pickled perplexed fine floor .
every fine fine chief of staff ate a pickle .
every delicious delicious sandwich understood the pickled pickle .
is it true that the president ate the sandwich ?
a fine chief of staff kissed a delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff !
every pickled delicious pickle understood every sandwich .
the floor wanted the fine president .
the president kissed a perplexed fine delicious delicious delicious sandwich .
is it true that a delicious pickled floor understood a pickled perplexed fine perplexed perplexed sandwich ?
a delicious chief of staff wanted every pickle !
is it true that a pickle kissed a perplexed floor ?
every sandwich with every sandwich kissed the president .
the floor pickled every pickle .
the fine fine fine fine floor pickled the fine sandwich .
a chief of staff kissed every president !
a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
every delicious fine perplexed president understood the fine sandwich .
every delicious pickle pickled the pickle .
the pickled president pickled every floor .
every perplexed perplexed delicious president with every president in every president on the fine floor understood every sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed every president ?
the president pickled the delicious sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the delicious floor ?
is it true that the floor kissed every perplexed pickled fine delicious president ?
every pickled pickle kissed the pickle .
the fine fine president pickled every pickled sandwich .
the president understood a president with every president .
is it true that the sandwich with a delicious president ate a sandwich ?
the pickle ate the president .
is it true that a perplexed delicious fine sandwich in a fine chief of staff ate the president ?
every fine pickled chief of staff pickled a delicious fine pickled chief of staff !
every president kissed the floor .
a sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
every fine fine delicious perplexed pickled delicious floor pickled the pickle !
the delicious fine fine delicious pickle ate a fine floor !
every chief of staff pickled a fine chief of staff !
is it true that the fine delicious pickled pickled chief of staff understood every fine floor ?
every president wanted a chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious president understood every delicious sandwich !
the president ate every fine fine sandwich .
the sandwich kissed the pickled president .
is it true that every sandwich understood the sandwich ?
the delicious floor pickled every pickle .
is it true that the pickle understood every president ?
the fine pickle ate a fine chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff under a pickle !
every sandwich wanted the perplexed pickle .
the pickle wanted the fine floor .
every fine fine delicious sandwich understood every chief of staff .
is it true that every president wanted the fine sandwich ?
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood a president ?
every perplexed floor pickled the fine sandwich .
every chief of staff kissed the delicious pickle !
is it true that the perplexed fine delicious president understood the perplexed floor ?
is it true that a floor wanted every perplexed delicious president ?
the delicious delicious delicious fine perplexed sandwich in every pickled delicious fine sandwich with the president kissed the delicious fine delicious chief of staff under every president .
every sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed floor .
a floor pickled every pickled delicious perplexed floor .
the fine perplexed delicious delicious sandwich in every pickle kissed the pickled delicious pickle .
a perplexed delicious sandwich ate the delicious chief of staff !
a delicious fine pickled delicious fine delicious floor pickled a pickle .
a sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed pickle !
the pickle ate the president .
every sandwich ate every chief of staff .
a sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed floor .
every chief of staff wanted the fine pickled pickle .
every chief of staff kissed every pickle .
the chief of staff understood the delicious perplexed chief of staff !
every pickle understood every floor !
is it true that the delicious delicious pickled president wanted a delicious pickled chief of staff ?
a sandwich ate a fine perplexed fine pickle .
every floor understood the fine president .
every delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled the fine pickle with a pickled chief of staff in a delicious fine delicious president .
is it true that every president kissed every president ?
a sandwich kissed every floor in the pickled floor .
a perplexed floor understood a chief of staff .
every floor understood the perplexed sandwich !
is it true that a delicious chief of staff wanted a pickle ?
every floor wanted a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a president kissed every delicious pickled pickled pickle !
every chief of staff pickled every delicious pickled pickle .
a pickled sandwich kissed the pickled fine chief of staff .
is it true that the fine floor understood a chief of staff ?
every sandwich wanted every floor .
is it true that every perplexed delicious fine president kissed every delicious delicious pickle on every pickled pickle ?
the chief of staff pickled the pickle .
the president pickled every floor under a sandwich .
a pickled floor ate every perplexed president .
every perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff pickled every pickle with every pickle .
is it true that every pickled fine sandwich wanted every fine president ?
every fine fine floor ate every floor !
is it true that every pickle understood every perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich ?
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood every delicious pickled floor !
is it true that the fine pickle pickled the floor ?
is it true that a fine president pickled every perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
the president ate every pickled perplexed pickled delicious delicious president !
every pickled pickle wanted a president .
a fine delicious fine fine sandwich kissed a perplexed delicious pickle !
a sandwich understood every sandwich !
is it true that every fine pickled president pickled a pickled fine chief of staff ?
every president wanted every delicious floor .
every pickled fine president wanted a pickled fine perplexed pickle !
a president ate the perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious perplexed president wanted the floor .
is it true that a delicious fine fine pickled fine pickle understood the fine chief of staff in the president ?
is it true that the floor with a delicious president wanted the perplexed perplexed pickle ?
every floor pickled the chief of staff !
the pickled president understood the perplexed president !
a chief of staff ate every delicious perplexed president .
is it true that the delicious pickle ate the pickled pickle under the fine pickled floor ?
a president understood every floor .
the perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff pickled a pickle .
the chief of staff kissed the floor .
every pickle understood every fine fine sandwich .
the fine chief of staff wanted the pickle .
a delicious pickle understood a pickle under a pickle !
the sandwich with every pickle pickled the pickle .
every fine pickled pickled president ate a perplexed delicious delicious pickle .
every pickled pickle on the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled the sandwich !
is it true that a pickled delicious president ate the floor ?
a delicious sandwich kissed a sandwich .
is it true that the chief of staff understood the sandwich ?
every sandwich pickled every perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff pickled a perplexed sandwich ?
the sandwich in a pickle with every delicious delicious floor under a pickled pickle ate every pickled perplexed president .
the pickled pickled floor wanted a president .
a chief of staff pickled the president .
is it true that every sandwich kissed a floor ?
the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff understood every perplexed president !
a president pickled every sandwich with the delicious delicious fine fine sandwich under every perplexed pickled floor !
the perplexed president understood the president !
every delicious fine sandwich kissed every chief of staff .
a president kissed every pickled president .
every floor in a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled president wanted the pickle .
every fine delicious pickled pickle pickled the perplexed fine fine president .
every president ate the pickled sandwich .
every sandwich under the fine floor kissed every pickled perplexed perplexed fine perplexed floor .
every sandwich ate a president !
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle !
a pickled president pickled a fine chief of staff !
the perplexed sandwich understood every fine sandwich .
the sandwich wanted a chief of staff !
every delicious pickled pickle pickled the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich .
every pickle under every fine president ate the president !
every delicious pickled president pickled the fine fine floor in the pickle .
a pickle kissed a sandwich .
the pickled fine perplexed delicious fine chief of staff understood a pickled floor .
the sandwich pickled a delicious pickled pickled fine perplexed president .
is it true that every fine fine pickled president wanted the pickled pickled pickle ?
a sandwich pickled every floor .
the delicious delicious sandwich wanted a pickled fine president !
every chief of staff wanted a fine chief of staff !
is it true that the president understood every floor ?
every delicious delicious delicious sandwich wanted a delicious pickle .
the president ate the fine fine president with every floor .
the delicious sandwich kissed a fine pickle with the president .
the pickled pickled sandwich pickled a perplexed sandwich .
a president wanted a delicious pickle .
every pickle ate every pickle !
a president pickled the pickled president .
is it true that every president understood a president ?
is it true that a pickle understood the fine chief of staff ?
the chief of staff kissed the delicious pickle .
every floor pickled a pickled perplexed floor !
every perplexed delicious pickled delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled every delicious fine fine pickle !
the pickled chief of staff ate every floor !
a delicious delicious floor understood the perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed a fine floor .
is it true that every chief of staff pickled a perplexed pickle ?
a fine sandwich understood a chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled a delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the floor ate a pickled president ?
every perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickle .
a sandwich kissed the perplexed perplexed fine pickled delicious pickled pickle on every delicious delicious delicious fine fine pickle .
a floor under a president on every chief of staff in the chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff .
is it true that every perplexed pickled president in a president kissed every pickle ?
the perplexed president wanted the perplexed chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed the pickle .
the sandwich wanted a pickled fine delicious sandwich !
the chief of staff ate the fine fine pickle .
the pickle ate the pickle !
a delicious fine president ate a sandwich .
is it true that every pickle kissed the fine pickle ?
every sandwich understood the perplexed perplexed fine pickled sandwich !
every chief of staff understood the perplexed pickled floor .
the pickle pickled every chief of staff !
the floor kissed the pickled floor .
the president ate a perplexed president .
the fine floor pickled a pickled fine fine president .
the fine pickled fine pickled fine chief of staff pickled the delicious president !
every delicious floor wanted every delicious pickle .
is it true that a floor understood the pickle ?
every pickle ate the pickled president !
every chief of staff kissed a floor .
every chief of staff pickled a fine chief of staff .
every perplexed fine pickled delicious pickled pickled president kissed every fine perplexed sandwich .
a president ate the fine pickled sandwich !
a delicious delicious president pickled the pickle .
the perplexed floor ate the pickle .
every president understood the pickle !
the fine pickle under the fine chief of staff wanted the delicious pickled president !
is it true that a pickle pickled the floor ?
is it true that the president wanted the delicious sandwich ?
is it true that the sandwich ate the pickled president ?
a fine pickle ate the pickled president .
the fine pickle on the sandwich kissed a fine perplexed perplexed perplexed president !
a fine perplexed sandwich wanted the floor .
a pickle understood the president .
the pickle understood every pickle !
a pickled pickle kissed the chief of staff .
a chief of staff ate a president .
every chief of staff ate every fine perplexed pickled floor .
a pickle understood every president .
a fine fine delicious floor wanted every chief of staff .
every fine perplexed pickle pickled the pickled pickle .
every fine fine delicious sandwich wanted the fine perplexed pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the fine president understood every perplexed president ?
is it true that every president kissed a floor ?
is it true that every sandwich kissed every floor ?
every president kissed the president .
the delicious delicious sandwich wanted a delicious floor .
a sandwich understood the perplexed pickle .
every pickle ate every perplexed pickled president in every floor !
the perplexed sandwich understood the delicious fine chief of staff .
is it true that a sandwich ate every chief of staff ?
every chief of staff wanted the pickle .
every pickle understood a perplexed fine pickle .
is it true that the delicious pickled pickled pickle kissed a pickled pickle ?
the pickled pickled delicious pickle understood every fine delicious pickled floor .
every fine pickled president ate the president !
the president ate the fine pickled president under the floor on the perplexed delicious delicious pickled delicious fine sandwich on a perplexed pickle .
a floor ate the floor .
a perplexed president wanted a delicious fine pickle .
a perplexed floor pickled the pickled pickled chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle ate the fine chief of staff ?
a president understood every floor !
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every fine pickled pickled fine pickle ?
a delicious president under the floor pickled a floor !
is it true that every delicious perplexed pickled pickled pickled delicious floor kissed every pickled pickled pickled delicious chief of staff ?
the pickle pickled every delicious fine president !
every chief of staff kissed a floor .
every floor understood a pickle !
a floor in a fine pickle pickled every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious sandwich !
the fine sandwich wanted every pickled perplexed sandwich !
every floor kissed a sandwich !
a perplexed pickle ate a floor .
a floor pickled the president .
a perplexed president understood the fine pickled chief of staff .
the perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed every floor !
the pickled sandwich wanted a floor !
every fine delicious sandwich ate every floor !
a pickle wanted a perplexed chief of staff !
a floor ate a perplexed chief of staff .
a pickled pickled delicious president kissed a chief of staff .
a perplexed fine pickle wanted a sandwich .
a pickled president understood every pickle .
the pickle ate the pickled sandwich !
is it true that the delicious floor understood the sandwich ?
the perplexed chief of staff pickled the delicious chief of staff .
the floor kissed the floor .
is it true that every delicious pickled chief of staff ate the floor ?
a delicious chief of staff wanted a pickle !
is it true that a pickle pickled every fine sandwich ?
every pickle wanted a perplexed sandwich .
the delicious floor ate the delicious delicious perplexed floor .
a floor pickled every floor .
is it true that the pickled pickle pickled a fine sandwich ?
a perplexed delicious fine president kissed every pickled pickle .
every president kissed a fine sandwich .
a sandwich ate the pickle .
a pickled pickled pickled fine perplexed floor under the sandwich kissed every perplexed delicious fine fine fine pickled fine fine delicious sandwich !
a delicious delicious pickle kissed a pickled floor on the fine pickled fine delicious pickle .
every pickled delicious pickle ate every pickled fine sandwich !
a sandwich pickled a pickled pickled president !
the fine pickle pickled the floor !
a fine floor understood every pickled delicious fine perplexed fine perplexed president .
a pickled perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich pickled the fine delicious perplexed floor .
a president pickled a pickle !
every chief of staff kissed the president .
every pickle ate every pickled delicious chief of staff .
every chief of staff understood the pickled delicious perplexed perplexed fine delicious fine president !
every pickled sandwich kissed every chief of staff !
every chief of staff pickled the delicious floor .
the pickle kissed a sandwich !
the president pickled the pickled fine pickle .
every floor pickled the chief of staff .
the delicious sandwich ate the delicious floor .
every chief of staff understood a perplexed chief of staff !
the president pickled a sandwich .
a chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle .
every chief of staff wanted a president !
a sandwich wanted every pickled chief of staff .
a perplexed pickle kissed the pickled floor !
the fine delicious pickle wanted a floor .
is it true that every delicious chief of staff ate a pickled floor under every fine pickled perplexed floor ?
a president kissed a pickled pickled president .
a sandwich ate every delicious pickled pickled pickle .
a perplexed fine floor kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich .
a fine fine floor kissed a delicious floor !
the sandwich wanted every pickle .
a pickle wanted every chief of staff !
the pickled fine floor wanted a pickled delicious pickle !
is it true that the fine floor wanted a sandwich ?
a fine perplexed president with the pickled president pickled every pickled floor .
every sandwich under the pickled president kissed the chief of staff .
a fine president pickled the delicious fine pickled floor .
every perplexed perplexed floor pickled the sandwich .
every delicious floor understood every fine pickled pickled sandwich !
a fine floor understood every president .
the chief of staff under every fine floor kissed every president .
is it true that a delicious sandwich wanted every perplexed sandwich ?
a president pickled a pickle !
every delicious floor wanted a pickle .
the delicious pickle kissed a fine sandwich .
is it true that a perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted every pickled sandwich ?
a floor understood a pickle !
a fine fine delicious sandwich kissed the pickle .
every president understood every delicious delicious delicious president .
every floor pickled a president .
every delicious pickled delicious delicious perplexed chief of staff ate a president .
every floor kissed a sandwich !
every sandwich pickled every pickled pickle .
a perplexed pickle understood the pickle !
is it true that a fine sandwich with every pickled perplexed president wanted the delicious sandwich ?
every sandwich kissed the fine sandwich .
the president wanted a chief of staff !
the delicious pickle ate the pickle .
the sandwich pickled the pickle .
every delicious pickle ate every sandwich .
every pickle pickled a delicious pickled fine sandwich !
the president kissed a pickled sandwich .
the fine pickle ate every perplexed sandwich !
a chief of staff understood every chief of staff .
every delicious perplexed fine sandwich under a delicious floor ate the delicious sandwich on the pickle !
a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich wanted the president .
is it true that the pickled president understood a perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickle ?
every fine president ate a president .
is it true that a chief of staff ate the delicious floor ?
the fine president pickled the floor .
a pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled a delicious president .
a pickle understood every fine delicious sandwich .
the pickled fine pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff !
the pickled fine sandwich ate a sandwich !
every delicious perplexed president on the perplexed delicious chief of staff in every sandwich under every floor understood a fine sandwich .
every fine chief of staff understood every fine pickle .
every pickle understood a chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff wanted every floor ?
every sandwich pickled every president on the pickled delicious fine delicious fine pickled president !
a chief of staff on the chief of staff wanted every perplexed president !
is it true that a pickle kissed a floor ?
every pickle ate every delicious pickle .
every fine chief of staff ate a chief of staff .
a delicious pickled sandwich pickled the president .
every pickled floor kissed every fine pickle .
every pickle understood the floor under every floor .
a chief of staff wanted every president on the floor .
every perplexed pickled delicious president with the pickle wanted every pickled pickled fine president .
a fine floor understood the sandwich .
a sandwich kissed the sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff wanted the fine perplexed pickle ?
every perplexed president pickled every pickled floor .
is it true that the fine sandwich understood every perplexed fine delicious pickle ?
the delicious delicious chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled pickled president with a delicious pickled pickle ate the floor .
every delicious delicious floor ate the perplexed fine sandwich !
a floor ate the sandwich !
a pickled perplexed fine president kissed every perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
every president understood a delicious sandwich !
a sandwich on the perplexed fine fine chief of staff understood the pickled fine pickled floor .
a sandwich under the pickled fine perplexed delicious pickle kissed a delicious perplexed floor .
a pickled president kissed a sandwich !
is it true that the fine pickled pickled perplexed sandwich understood the floor ?
every floor kissed the delicious president .
is it true that every pickled president pickled every fine delicious delicious chief of staff ?
every chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
a pickled chief of staff ate every chief of staff !
the pickled pickle understood every perplexed chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate every sandwich !
is it true that a sandwich pickled the pickled president ?
a president ate every pickle .
a pickle understood the sandwich !
a fine pickled delicious sandwich wanted the floor .
every sandwich understood a president !
the floor kissed every sandwich .
a president understood the floor .
the perplexed president wanted the perplexed pickled president !
is it true that the delicious delicious pickled president kissed a floor ?
is it true that the delicious chief of staff in a fine delicious fine sandwich wanted a fine perplexed delicious pickle ?
a perplexed sandwich kissed the sandwich !
every perplexed president kissed a pickle .
a chief of staff kissed every pickled pickled fine chief of staff !
every fine pickled pickled pickle ate every fine pickled pickle .
a perplexed sandwich pickled a delicious pickle .
the delicious perplexed perplexed president pickled a president under a fine fine pickled chief of staff .
the delicious pickle kissed the fine sandwich .
is it true that a floor understood every pickle ?
a president pickled every floor .
every pickle pickled every chief of staff .
is it true that a pickled perplexed pickle kissed every perplexed delicious sandwich ?
a floor wanted a fine delicious chief of staff .
a pickled chief of staff wanted a floor !
the fine perplexed fine sandwich understood a fine perplexed fine pickle !
the president wanted every delicious pickled pickle .
a chief of staff understood every fine floor !
is it true that every fine perplexed pickled pickle pickled every chief of staff ?
a fine perplexed fine fine pickle kissed the floor !
a floor kissed the floor .
a delicious floor wanted every pickle !
is it true that the president wanted a pickle with the sandwich ?
every pickle pickled the fine sandwich .
a pickled fine fine pickle understood a floor on a pickle .
every sandwich kissed the delicious fine fine president .
a sandwich pickled a delicious pickle !
a pickled pickle ate a fine floor .
the president kissed every pickled delicious delicious delicious perplexed pickle !
a fine delicious pickle understood a fine fine chief of staff .
the president understood a sandwich !
every floor wanted the delicious fine pickle .
every perplexed fine pickle pickled a fine pickle .
every floor ate a fine pickled fine pickle on every sandwich !
a president wanted the sandwich .
a pickle wanted every sandwich .
the delicious sandwich wanted a delicious floor .
a pickle wanted a chief of staff .
a fine pickled president understood every pickle .
the floor kissed the floor with a perplexed pickle .
the delicious pickled fine pickled pickle kissed a floor !
every sandwich in a fine fine chief of staff wanted every delicious fine perplexed pickled delicious pickle !
a floor on every fine pickled delicious sandwich pickled every delicious perplexed pickle !
the fine fine chief of staff wanted a perplexed fine floor !
every president pickled the delicious fine delicious delicious pickle !
the fine president pickled the pickled chief of staff under a president with a president .
every fine delicious chief of staff wanted a pickled delicious pickled fine sandwich .
every floor wanted a floor !
the delicious fine floor wanted every pickled president .
a pickle wanted the delicious perplexed pickle .
the pickle ate a delicious pickled floor !
a sandwich ate a delicious perplexed fine president .
every pickled president kissed every president .
every pickled chief of staff ate the fine president .
every pickled floor kissed every perplexed delicious delicious pickle !
is it true that a president on the sandwich understood the pickle ?
a perplexed president with the delicious perplexed floor kissed the sandwich !
the perplexed floor pickled the chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled fine president wanted every sandwich .
every fine president wanted a pickled floor .
a perplexed perplexed floor kissed every chief of staff !
a floor pickled every fine floor !
a president understood a delicious floor !
every sandwich understood the president !
the fine delicious sandwich kissed every perplexed chief of staff .
every fine delicious chief of staff understood a fine perplexed perplexed president .
the fine pickled floor wanted a fine delicious floor .
every delicious floor under the delicious sandwich pickled the pickled pickle .
every perplexed floor wanted a perplexed chief of staff !
every sandwich on the perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed fine sandwich .
the fine floor in every pickled chief of staff on a chief of staff under every fine fine chief of staff kissed a pickle .
the perplexed sandwich understood every delicious sandwich .
the pickle wanted the sandwich !
the delicious perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickle pickled a floor .
every fine fine floor kissed every perplexed chief of staff under the pickled perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff !
the sandwich ate every delicious pickle .
every perplexed president kissed the sandwich !
is it true that the perplexed fine pickle ate the pickle ?
the chief of staff ate a pickle !
every fine pickled chief of staff pickled the sandwich !
is it true that every floor on every perplexed chief of staff wanted every president ?
the floor wanted the fine floor .
is it true that the perplexed sandwich understood every chief of staff ?
the fine chief of staff ate the delicious fine chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed every fine pickle .
every chief of staff pickled a floor .
every pickle ate every fine president .
every perplexed perplexed pickled fine chief of staff kissed the pickle .
every delicious pickled pickle kissed a sandwich .
every sandwich wanted the sandwich !
is it true that the perplexed floor kissed a sandwich under the delicious floor ?
a chief of staff kissed a fine pickle .
the fine delicious pickle kissed a sandwich .
the fine pickled pickle understood the pickled sandwich .
the chief of staff on a sandwich wanted a pickle !
is it true that a pickled perplexed president kissed the delicious chief of staff ?
every delicious pickle understood the delicious fine fine delicious chief of staff in a fine delicious perplexed perplexed president .
a president with every fine sandwich ate the delicious perplexed fine fine sandwich !
the delicious fine pickled fine fine pickled perplexed fine perplexed fine president wanted a pickled pickled floor .
is it true that a president pickled the delicious perplexed pickled chief of staff under every delicious floor ?
is it true that every president kissed the pickled chief of staff ?
a floor wanted the chief of staff !
the pickle pickled a floor .
a pickled president understood every pickle .
a perplexed fine pickle pickled the chief of staff !
every pickled delicious pickle understood every president !
a president ate a floor .
is it true that a chief of staff ate a pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
every fine pickle wanted a fine perplexed president under every perplexed pickled president under the pickled pickled floor !
every floor pickled the pickled president !
a floor wanted a president .
a president ate the president !
a sandwich understood every pickled sandwich !
a pickle ate the delicious fine pickled sandwich .
every delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff understood every delicious delicious pickled pickled pickle !
a chief of staff ate a sandwich .
a pickle understood every president !
the fine floor pickled every sandwich .
every pickle wanted a chief of staff .
a floor on a floor wanted a pickle .
a pickled sandwich wanted the delicious floor .
the delicious fine president wanted every pickle .
is it true that the fine perplexed delicious president kissed every sandwich ?
every chief of staff wanted a pickled sandwich .
a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickled chief of staff .
every chief of staff wanted every president !
every president in the fine delicious delicious perplexed president wanted the pickled pickled pickle .
the pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich on every pickled sandwich .
every floor in every floor understood every delicious fine delicious chief of staff !
the floor understood the pickled president .
every president kissed a president .
a floor kissed every pickle .
a perplexed sandwich understood a perplexed sandwich !
a delicious delicious fine pickled pickled pickle understood every perplexed fine floor !
a delicious perplexed president understood a fine fine floor .
is it true that every delicious pickled president ate every president ?
a president pickled every president in every floor !
a president understood the sandwich !
the delicious floor kissed a chief of staff !
the president wanted a pickle !
every president pickled every delicious fine sandwich .
a pickled perplexed delicious fine perplexed sandwich understood a chief of staff .
every president kissed the sandwich .
every fine fine chief of staff wanted a president .
is it true that a president pickled every sandwich ?
the perplexed president understood every delicious fine pickle !
a president in a pickled sandwich in the fine chief of staff ate a sandwich .
the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff understood the perplexed fine floor .
is it true that the chief of staff kissed a floor ?
every pickled floor pickled every delicious perplexed delicious president .
a president wanted the pickled floor on the chief of staff .
a perplexed floor wanted a sandwich .
a pickle with the fine pickled perplexed sandwich understood a delicious fine pickled sandwich .
the pickled pickled chief of staff under a perplexed floor kissed every pickled perplexed fine perplexed pickle .
a president wanted a chief of staff !
every pickled delicious floor pickled the floor .
is it true that a pickle with a pickled pickle understood every fine pickled pickle ?
a fine floor wanted the chief of staff !
every chief of staff understood a floor .
every floor kissed every chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff understood every pickle ?
a sandwich wanted every pickled sandwich .
a perplexed perplexed delicious president wanted every pickled fine pickle !
every fine pickled chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
every fine fine pickle wanted the floor .
is it true that a president understood every fine perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickled sandwich kissed every chief of staff !
a pickle under the pickle ate the delicious fine floor .
is it true that every delicious president ate a fine pickled pickle ?
the sandwich pickled the fine pickled delicious chief of staff .
every chief of staff pickled a delicious pickled delicious chief of staff .
a delicious chief of staff pickled a chief of staff !
the perplexed fine president ate a perplexed delicious sandwich .
a floor wanted every pickled perplexed president !
every perplexed fine floor kissed every delicious delicious pickled delicious chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood a president !
the fine chief of staff kissed every delicious floor with a pickled floor .
a delicious sandwich understood every perplexed pickled president .
a delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle !
a chief of staff wanted a fine perplexed president !
every president understood the fine perplexed floor .
is it true that a delicious perplexed president wanted every perplexed president ?
a chief of staff kissed a pickled delicious delicious floor .
every pickle pickled a delicious pickled fine fine pickled president .
a pickled delicious president ate a sandwich !
the president wanted every delicious pickled president !
a president pickled a president !
every fine pickled pickled fine fine perplexed pickle ate the pickle .
every pickled delicious fine delicious pickled fine fine president pickled every perplexed delicious pickled sandwich .
is it true that the fine fine fine sandwich pickled every sandwich ?
every delicious sandwich understood the sandwich .
the sandwich pickled a pickled fine delicious floor .
a pickle kissed every sandwich .
is it true that a chief of staff understood every chief of staff ?
a fine delicious delicious pickle ate a pickled pickle .
a pickle understood the sandwich !
every delicious sandwich on every fine pickle kissed a delicious perplexed delicious pickle !
the sandwich understood every president .
every president kissed a delicious delicious pickle .
every floor ate a floor .
is it true that a pickled chief of staff with every president pickled every delicious pickled delicious pickle ?
is it true that a fine perplexed delicious delicious fine delicious perplexed pickled pickle kissed every perplexed chief of staff ?
every perplexed pickle understood every pickle .
every chief of staff wanted every delicious perplexed pickled fine chief of staff in every floor !
a pickle understood a delicious pickled delicious pickled pickled floor !
every pickled floor kissed the chief of staff .
every chief of staff in the pickle wanted every chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed every pickled pickle .
the president wanted the delicious president .
the perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff in the sandwich pickled every president .
every president wanted a sandwich with the pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every fine perplexed floor ate a perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the delicious chief of staff on a pickle ate a fine fine sandwich ?
every fine floor wanted a chief of staff !
is it true that a perplexed pickle ate the president ?
the sandwich kissed the pickle .
every pickle kissed every pickled delicious pickle .
a president pickled every floor .
the perplexed pickle ate every pickle .
every pickle understood a fine pickled pickle !
every sandwich wanted every president !
the delicious fine pickled floor wanted the president .
is it true that a pickle ate the perplexed pickled pickled president ?
a pickle kissed the fine floor .
the pickle on every perplexed floor understood every pickle .
every pickle under a pickle wanted every fine sandwich !
a fine delicious chief of staff ate the floor .
the fine sandwich kissed the fine floor .
every pickled fine president pickled every chief of staff !
every delicious fine perplexed sandwich understood a pickle under a pickled pickled sandwich under the chief of staff in every fine delicious pickle .
a sandwich pickled the pickled president under every floor .
every fine president pickled a delicious sandwich !
every pickled fine delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a delicious perplexed chief of staff .
the fine fine pickled fine pickled president understood every chief of staff !
is it true that every delicious chief of staff wanted the pickled delicious fine sandwich ?
every delicious fine fine sandwich ate a pickle !
a delicious delicious fine president with the chief of staff pickled a president .
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickled pickled floor kissed a chief of staff ?
the fine pickle understood the chief of staff .
the pickle ate the delicious pickled fine sandwich .
every delicious perplexed chief of staff kissed the chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich ate every president ?
is it true that every delicious perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff pickled the pickled sandwich ?
every floor wanted a pickled sandwich .
every perplexed floor wanted the president .
a sandwich in the chief of staff wanted every pickled sandwich !
a floor kissed a president .
the sandwich understood every pickled sandwich with a sandwich .
every sandwich pickled the pickled delicious floor .
a president wanted every delicious sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff under every chief of staff ate the perplexed pickled president !
the perplexed fine president understood the floor .
the perplexed president wanted the floor .
is it true that every delicious fine chief of staff wanted the pickled pickle ?
a floor pickled a sandwich !
a pickled sandwich understood every sandwich with the perplexed delicious delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff !
the fine pickled pickled perplexed sandwich ate a pickled fine fine floor !
a delicious pickled sandwich ate a fine delicious floor !
every sandwich understood every floor .
every chief of staff kissed the perplexed sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed the sandwich !
is it true that a pickled fine president understood a chief of staff ?
the president wanted every perplexed pickled floor !
is it true that the delicious floor wanted the president ?
the pickle wanted a floor !
a president wanted the president !
every president wanted the floor .
a floor understood the chief of staff !
every pickled sandwich pickled a delicious president !
the president ate every floor !
the sandwich kissed a fine pickle .
every delicious president pickled the pickled president .
a sandwich with every fine fine pickled pickle kissed every pickled floor .
the chief of staff ate every fine perplexed pickle .
the fine fine president kissed a floor !
a president pickled a chief of staff !
the pickle pickled a delicious sandwich .
every sandwich ate every sandwich .
is it true that the delicious pickled president ate a delicious sandwich ?
every pickled pickled pickled pickled perplexed fine president ate the pickle .
every pickled delicious pickled floor pickled the sandwich with the pickle !
every floor ate a sandwich .
is it true that a president ate the president ?
a fine floor pickled every perplexed chief of staff !
a sandwich ate every delicious perplexed pickled fine perplexed delicious perplexed president !
every sandwich ate the president .
is it true that every pickled sandwich kissed a president ?
the perplexed pickle kissed a fine pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a president in a floor wanted the perplexed perplexed president .
every perplexed sandwich wanted the floor .
a pickled sandwich understood a delicious floor .
a delicious pickle wanted every floor !
a chief of staff understood the perplexed pickled delicious fine chief of staff !
the floor understood a pickled sandwich .
is it true that every pickled perplexed fine sandwich wanted every perplexed chief of staff ?
the pickled perplexed president pickled the delicious pickle .
the pickle pickled every sandwich !
a delicious floor understood every sandwich in a pickled delicious floor .
every pickled pickle pickled every sandwich .
the pickle wanted the perplexed fine sandwich !
the fine sandwich wanted every delicious sandwich .
every delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a perplexed pickle !
is it true that a president pickled the president ?
a delicious sandwich understood the pickle .
a pickled fine delicious floor kissed a president !
the delicious chief of staff understood the delicious chief of staff .
a president understood the floor !
a pickle kissed the chief of staff .
the sandwich under the floor kissed a pickle .
a sandwich kissed a pickle .
a fine sandwich ate the pickle .
a pickled floor kissed the floor .
every pickled delicious pickle ate the president .
a pickle kissed the pickled delicious sandwich !
every fine chief of staff pickled a fine pickled fine sandwich .
the delicious pickled fine pickled president ate the delicious pickle .
the pickle understood every perplexed pickled pickled pickled pickled fine sandwich with a pickled sandwich .
the pickle wanted every sandwich .
every pickle pickled the pickled sandwich !
the perplexed pickled chief of staff ate the perplexed president .
is it true that every perplexed floor understood every chief of staff ?
the president in the fine pickle wanted the floor .
is it true that the pickle wanted the floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich ?
the pickled sandwich wanted a perplexed floor .
the chief of staff pickled every perplexed perplexed pickled delicious perplexed president .
the floor pickled a delicious delicious chief of staff .
a floor understood the sandwich .
the pickled fine fine perplexed perplexed pickle pickled a floor .
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine fine floor kissed a floor ?
every delicious fine delicious fine fine fine perplexed fine sandwich understood every floor under a chief of staff !
is it true that a sandwich pickled the chief of staff ?
every chief of staff ate the delicious president !
every floor wanted the pickled perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff .
every delicious pickle kissed a perplexed delicious fine floor .
a chief of staff pickled every delicious fine floor .
a fine floor kissed the sandwich .
every delicious delicious pickled sandwich ate every chief of staff .
every chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled every sandwich !
every pickle pickled every president .
every fine pickled floor pickled a president .
the pickled floor ate every perplexed president .
is it true that a pickle pickled every chief of staff ?
every perplexed pickle ate the delicious fine fine perplexed president in every delicious fine president .
every president on the chief of staff ate the perplexed president .
the chief of staff kissed the delicious perplexed president .
a fine fine president understood every perplexed pickled chief of staff !
the sandwich wanted every sandwich !
every perplexed pickle wanted every president !
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
every president understood a fine fine pickled chief of staff .
every perplexed pickle ate a pickled fine perplexed floor !
a pickled delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed pickled fine pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every fine president !
every fine delicious pickled president kissed a sandwich !
the delicious pickle kissed the sandwich .
every sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
every perplexed fine floor kissed a pickled pickled president under every sandwich .
the perplexed pickled floor under a president pickled the sandwich .
the perplexed president wanted every president .
a pickle wanted every fine perplexed delicious president !
every perplexed pickle kissed every delicious sandwich !
a floor ate every chief of staff .
a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff .
the president pickled the perplexed sandwich .
every president pickled every perplexed president .
a pickled fine pickled perplexed pickle wanted the delicious perplexed fine floor .
a chief of staff understood the president .
every president pickled a pickled delicious fine delicious chief of staff !
the president understood the floor .
every floor ate the delicious perplexed sandwich !
every perplexed perplexed sandwich wanted the sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff under the pickled president understood the floor ?
the pickled fine chief of staff kissed the sandwich !
every pickle wanted a chief of staff !
the pickled pickle understood a perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich .
the pickle pickled a chief of staff !
every pickle ate the delicious fine pickled pickle !
the president pickled a delicious delicious president .
every sandwich pickled every perplexed delicious perplexed floor !
every floor understood the chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious pickle kissed the sandwich ?
a pickled pickle under the sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
every chief of staff understood every pickled delicious fine floor !
every fine pickled fine president kissed the pickled fine floor .
the pickle wanted a pickled president under a perplexed pickled delicious floor .
the sandwich pickled every sandwich .
the pickle ate a pickled perplexed chief of staff with every fine floor .
is it true that the pickled fine pickle wanted the floor ?
a perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich under the president kissed every delicious floor .
every sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
the president kissed the perplexed fine floor !
every fine chief of staff kissed a delicious fine floor in every chief of staff .
every sandwich ate a delicious pickle .
a perplexed fine sandwich ate the president .
is it true that the pickle understood every fine floor ?
a chief of staff kissed a perplexed sandwich !
a floor pickled the floor .
every president kissed a pickled sandwich .
the delicious perplexed pickled pickle kissed a delicious fine delicious fine president !
every sandwich ate the pickled fine president !
the fine delicious pickle kissed every sandwich under a floor .
every fine pickle ate every floor !
the sandwich pickled a floor !
every pickled pickled president pickled the pickle .
the fine fine chief of staff kissed the delicious delicious pickled chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed president pickled the fine delicious delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that every president pickled every president ?
every president wanted the chief of staff .
every floor wanted every pickle .
the pickled floor kissed the perplexed president .
is it true that the delicious floor under a pickle pickled a delicious chief of staff ?
the perplexed sandwich kissed the perplexed floor .
every sandwich ate the pickled perplexed chief of staff !
every pickled chief of staff kissed every floor .
a pickled pickled chief of staff ate the chief of staff .
the president pickled the pickle !
the fine sandwich wanted a pickled delicious pickled chief of staff .
a floor wanted the pickle !
is it true that the fine pickle understood the sandwich ?
a pickled pickled floor pickled the sandwich .
the pickled pickled fine perplexed pickled delicious chief of staff pickled the fine fine fine pickle .
the chief of staff understood every perplexed pickle !
the fine floor understood the pickled pickled president on the fine president in every president on a sandwich !
is it true that a perplexed pickled pickle kissed the fine perplexed perplexed president ?
every pickled delicious perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich understood every floor !
every president understood a pickle !
every delicious pickle on a perplexed sandwich ate the president !
the delicious delicious perplexed sandwich kissed a fine fine chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled perplexed pickle wanted the floor .
the delicious pickle understood a president .
the chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickle .
a pickled delicious floor in every chief of staff kissed every floor .
the pickled perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious floor pickled every delicious fine sandwich with a delicious pickle .
every perplexed pickled pickle on the fine chief of staff pickled the perplexed chief of staff .
a pickle in every pickled delicious chief of staff wanted the chief of staff !
every pickled pickle kissed the pickled fine pickle .
every president under the president understood every pickle !
the fine pickle kissed every pickled delicious sandwich .
the president kissed every fine chief of staff !
a perplexed pickle on a president pickled every pickle !
a pickled fine sandwich wanted every sandwich .
the chief of staff understood the perplexed perplexed pickle .
every sandwich wanted a pickled floor .
the pickle pickled the president !
every floor kissed every pickle .
every delicious sandwich kissed every pickle .
every perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
is it true that a fine pickled chief of staff on a floor in a sandwich kissed a delicious delicious pickle ?
is it true that a president understood a floor ?
is it true that a perplexed perplexed president kissed every delicious sandwich ?
every president pickled a delicious floor !
the fine president on a pickled perplexed sandwich wanted a president .
every chief of staff ate every fine pickled president .
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich .
the fine president ate the sandwich .
a floor on a fine pickle kissed the pickle .
a perplexed fine president wanted the sandwich !
a president ate the perplexed delicious sandwich !
every president ate the delicious pickle !
every perplexed sandwich kissed every sandwich .
a perplexed chief of staff ate a president !
the perplexed president pickled a fine president !
a chief of staff understood a pickle .
every pickled chief of staff kissed every fine delicious chief of staff .
is it true that a floor ate a chief of staff ?
the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled the sandwich .
every perplexed pickled floor ate the pickle .
a delicious delicious pickled sandwich in a pickle kissed every perplexed president under the floor .
every floor kissed a delicious president !
a president understood every perplexed floor !
the pickled floor understood a fine perplexed chief of staff .
every delicious sandwich ate the president !
every pickle kissed a fine fine pickle .
the pickle understood the perplexed sandwich .
the pickle kissed the fine pickled pickle .
the sandwich pickled a sandwich under the perplexed perplexed fine fine perplexed floor .
every chief of staff kissed a floor !
every pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickled pickle .
the pickled chief of staff with every perplexed perplexed perplexed chief of staff ate a floor .
every president with a perplexed pickle understood every sandwich !
the fine pickle kissed every fine delicious fine pickled sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed sandwich ?
every perplexed pickled pickle understood the sandwich .
a president ate a floor .
every pickle pickled the president .
a perplexed pickle wanted every pickled perplexed chief of staff !
a floor understood a pickle !
every perplexed fine pickle understood the chief of staff !
the delicious chief of staff in a pickled delicious perplexed president pickled every president .
a floor ate a delicious chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious fine president pickled every pickle under a delicious pickled chief of staff ?
every sandwich pickled a delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff .
the pickle pickled a chief of staff !
the sandwich on every pickled president in a delicious pickled fine president ate every fine pickle .
is it true that the delicious sandwich pickled a pickle ?
a president understood every chief of staff !
the pickle pickled the president .
a pickled perplexed pickle understood the pickle with the fine pickle .
a delicious perplexed pickled president kissed the president !
every perplexed chief of staff kissed every delicious sandwich .
every floor wanted a perplexed president .
the floor pickled the perplexed delicious pickle !
is it true that a delicious delicious delicious chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickled president ?
the sandwich understood the pickle .
every delicious floor under the pickled pickle understood the delicious president .
is it true that every fine fine pickled floor pickled the delicious perplexed pickle ?
every chief of staff in the pickle ate a pickle .
the perplexed delicious floor understood every perplexed pickle !
a pickled pickled fine delicious pickled sandwich wanted the delicious chief of staff .
every sandwich on a pickled fine perplexed floor wanted a pickle !
every pickle kissed a sandwich .
is it true that the sandwich kissed every floor ?
a pickle wanted the pickled president .
a perplexed president wanted a chief of staff !
the delicious delicious floor wanted the pickled fine chief of staff .
a delicious sandwich wanted the president .
the floor ate the pickle !
every perplexed chief of staff pickled a fine floor !
every fine chief of staff ate every sandwich !
a pickled chief of staff kissed every fine delicious perplexed delicious pickle .
the pickled perplexed pickle ate every perplexed pickled floor .
every chief of staff pickled a fine perplexed delicious pickle .
is it true that every pickle kissed a president ?
the pickle wanted the pickle .
a pickle kissed a pickled delicious pickle .
the fine floor understood every president !
the delicious president understood a pickled pickle .
the pickled fine chief of staff wanted the floor .
a chief of staff pickled a president .
is it true that the pickle ate a floor ?
a perplexed pickle understood the delicious pickle !
a pickled fine pickled fine president understood a delicious pickled pickle .
every pickled perplexed fine fine chief of staff ate every pickled perplexed floor on every chief of staff !
every fine delicious fine perplexed delicious pickle wanted a sandwich !
every pickled delicious perplexed sandwich pickled a sandwich !
the pickled president kissed a perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff understood a pickle !
a perplexed perplexed floor pickled every pickle .
a pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a fine fine sandwich !
is it true that a pickled chief of staff wanted a chief of staff ?
every pickled perplexed floor wanted a floor !
is it true that every chief of staff with every president ate every perplexed pickle ?
the pickle kissed the perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff !
every sandwich ate the delicious sandwich !
a chief of staff understood the perplexed president on the floor in a pickle in every fine delicious president under the sandwich under the fine fine perplexed pickled sandwich under every chief of staff .
the pickle pickled the fine delicious sandwich !
every pickle understood a pickled chief of staff .
a pickle pickled the pickle !
the pickle pickled every pickle !
is it true that a fine delicious pickled president understood every sandwich ?
a president understood every chief of staff .
the fine delicious delicious pickled delicious floor ate the president under a floor .
a perplexed fine sandwich ate the chief of staff .
every pickle pickled the fine chief of staff .
every pickle pickled a floor .
the pickled chief of staff pickled a president .
a chief of staff in every president wanted a perplexed delicious president .
the sandwich pickled every pickle .
a floor ate every pickled pickled sandwich .
the sandwich ate every fine floor .
every pickled sandwich wanted the floor !
the perplexed pickle pickled the fine delicious pickle .
every perplexed delicious delicious floor ate a chief of staff .
the pickle pickled a pickled chief of staff in every perplexed chief of staff !
every sandwich understood the perplexed fine delicious president .
the perplexed president with a fine perplexed fine perplexed pickle wanted a pickled floor .
a perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickled president !
a floor ate every pickled pickle .
every perplexed pickled pickle understood a fine sandwich !
the floor pickled a perplexed president !
is it true that a floor kissed the pickled pickle ?
every delicious pickle ate the delicious sandwich .
every floor ate every pickled pickle .
every floor ate a president .
the delicious pickled chief of staff under every delicious pickle wanted a fine president !
is it true that a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ?
every floor understood a pickle !
every pickled delicious pickled president wanted a fine president .
every delicious sandwich ate the president .
the chief of staff kissed the chief of staff !
the delicious perplexed pickle pickled the chief of staff .
the floor pickled a perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich !
a pickled perplexed sandwich pickled every chief of staff .
the floor kissed every fine pickled president .
a chief of staff pickled the president .
a pickle under every president on the president understood the floor .
a pickle kissed the sandwich on every president .
a perplexed chief of staff on every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff .
a pickled sandwich wanted a delicious fine pickle on a fine chief of staff on the floor .
every pickled president pickled a delicious pickled president .
a pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
a delicious perplexed pickled sandwich pickled the floor .
every floor understood every perplexed pickle under a pickled perplexed chief of staff !
the fine perplexed perplexed pickle kissed a delicious delicious president .
the perplexed fine fine delicious fine fine delicious perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich ate the sandwich !
every floor on every chief of staff wanted the perplexed floor on a pickle .
the chief of staff ate the pickled floor !
every fine pickled fine pickled floor with a fine pickled pickle pickled every president !
is it true that every perplexed floor in the floor understood a pickle ?
the chief of staff ate a chief of staff !
a sandwich pickled the chief of staff .
the sandwich ate the chief of staff .
every sandwich pickled every pickle in the fine chief of staff under every fine fine perplexed fine delicious pickle .
the chief of staff with a pickled sandwich ate every chief of staff .
every perplexed pickle wanted every pickled chief of staff with the president !
is it true that every floor pickled every pickle ?
is it true that the fine fine chief of staff ate a president ?
every delicious perplexed chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed floor on the president under the chief of staff .
every delicious fine fine perplexed fine pickled president wanted the pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed floor on a pickled chief of staff .
a sandwich kissed a pickle !
a pickled delicious pickled delicious delicious perplexed fine delicious president understood every pickle .
a perplexed fine pickled delicious sandwich understood every floor under every pickle !
is it true that the chief of staff ate a perplexed floor ?
every chief of staff in every sandwich ate a delicious floor on every fine sandwich under every pickled perplexed sandwich on every chief of staff .
the perplexed president pickled the sandwich .
a floor ate every pickle in every delicious perplexed president in the chief of staff .
a fine pickle understood the floor .
every fine floor pickled the perplexed pickle !
a delicious pickled floor with the fine floor understood a president .
a pickled pickled chief of staff pickled the pickle .
the sandwich understood a pickled president .
the pickle wanted the pickle .
the perplexed fine fine perplexed floor ate the pickled fine sandwich .
every president understood every pickled fine perplexed president .
a pickle kissed the pickle .
a floor pickled the floor .
every pickle understood every perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff pickled the fine sandwich .
is it true that the fine pickle wanted every perplexed pickled delicious pickle ?
every president ate every perplexed pickled sandwich !
a sandwich understood a pickle .
a chief of staff kissed every pickled president .
the pickle understood every delicious fine fine sandwich .
every pickle wanted every floor .
the perplexed sandwich pickled a pickled delicious delicious pickled fine delicious president !
every fine delicious pickle wanted a fine delicious president !
the pickled perplexed fine sandwich ate the perplexed fine fine chief of staff .
a perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed every floor .
is it true that the pickled chief of staff wanted every pickle ?
a delicious pickled floor ate a perplexed fine perplexed president .
the sandwich pickled every chief of staff !
is it true that the pickle kissed the delicious floor ?
is it true that the delicious sandwich kissed a perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that every president pickled a perplexed sandwich ?
the fine president understood a pickle with the president .
the floor pickled every chief of staff !
the pickled sandwich kissed the fine fine floor !
the pickled pickle understood a president !
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich !
the floor kissed a fine perplexed perplexed pickle !
a pickle understood a sandwich .
every sandwich understood every chief of staff on a fine fine perplexed pickled delicious delicious president .
a president understood the floor !
a sandwich pickled the pickle .
a floor understood the fine sandwich !
the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff !
a chief of staff wanted the floor under a delicious pickle !
the fine sandwich understood the pickled pickle .
every sandwich kissed every delicious fine perplexed president .
is it true that a perplexed fine delicious delicious delicious floor pickled every delicious delicious pickle ?
a chief of staff with a floor kissed every floor !
every fine fine delicious floor pickled a pickle !
the delicious pickled president understood a perplexed perplexed floor .
every delicious fine floor under every president pickled every fine sandwich !
every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed fine perplexed president understood the chief of staff !
every sandwich kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed floor ate the delicious pickle ?
is it true that a pickle pickled a pickle ?
a president pickled a president .
a floor ate every pickled delicious delicious delicious pickled pickled chief of staff under a delicious pickle in every delicious perplexed president under the president .
a perplexed fine president ate the sandwich !
is it true that every president understood the pickled perplexed fine pickled pickle ?
a perplexed chief of staff kissed a sandwich !
the president kissed the sandwich !
every fine perplexed floor wanted the fine chief of staff .
every chief of staff ate every sandwich in a delicious perplexed floor .
is it true that the pickled president understood every sandwich ?
a president wanted a president .
a fine delicious perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickle !
the perplexed sandwich on every sandwich wanted a pickled delicious pickled fine sandwich .
is it true that a president ate every floor ?
is it true that the pickle ate every fine perplexed pickled pickle ?
every fine chief of staff understood the sandwich !
every floor pickled a floor .
a fine floor ate every president .
the pickled chief of staff ate the president .
a delicious perplexed pickle ate a pickled sandwich !
every delicious president kissed a sandwich .
every sandwich ate the delicious perplexed perplexed fine pickled pickle .
the floor ate every pickled floor .
is it true that the delicious fine chief of staff wanted the chief of staff ?
the president ate every perplexed pickled sandwich .
the pickled sandwich wanted every chief of staff .
the perplexed fine sandwich understood a perplexed chief of staff !
the delicious president understood every perplexed pickle !
the president understood the chief of staff !
a pickle pickled the chief of staff !
a delicious pickled delicious floor kissed every perplexed floor !
every pickled pickled president ate the floor !
the pickle on a floor under the pickle understood the chief of staff .
a pickled president pickled a delicious perplexed delicious fine fine fine sandwich .
every president understood every chief of staff !
the delicious sandwich ate every chief of staff with the president !
a fine pickled fine floor pickled every perplexed delicious pickled fine delicious fine chief of staff .
every floor under every chief of staff understood the pickled pickled floor !
the fine delicious president wanted the chief of staff !
a president pickled a fine fine floor !
the fine fine pickled fine pickle pickled a sandwich .
a delicious pickle wanted a pickle .
a delicious chief of staff kissed every floor .
the fine pickled chief of staff under every perplexed sandwich understood the pickle .
a sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed delicious fine delicious perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff !
a floor kissed every delicious president .
a floor understood the pickle .
the perplexed chief of staff kissed a pickle .
every perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed chief of staff .
every pickle kissed a pickled fine perplexed president !
a fine delicious pickled pickled delicious delicious pickled fine fine fine floor kissed a perplexed perplexed fine president !
the pickle on a fine sandwich wanted every pickled delicious perplexed floor .
a fine sandwich pickled the pickled pickled perplexed fine pickled fine perplexed president with a fine delicious perplexed sandwich .
a sandwich pickled the pickled pickle .
every pickled floor wanted the delicious perplexed chief of staff .
a pickled floor ate every sandwich .
a fine fine perplexed floor wanted every sandwich on every perplexed sandwich .
every president wanted a pickled fine delicious pickled fine fine pickle .
a president kissed the president .
every sandwich kissed a pickled pickle .
is it true that every floor kissed a pickled fine pickled sandwich ?
a president ate a fine delicious president !
a perplexed fine pickled pickled pickled delicious pickled sandwich ate a sandwich !
the fine pickled floor pickled the perplexed president .
the pickled president kissed every pickle .
every pickled delicious pickle understood a sandwich .
every delicious perplexed pickled delicious delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff understood a sandwich .
every pickled fine floor wanted every pickle !
the chief of staff understood the delicious president .
the delicious pickle ate every fine president .
the floor wanted the fine delicious sandwich .
is it true that the floor pickled every chief of staff ?
the pickled delicious pickled fine pickled delicious pickle understood the president .
every delicious fine perplexed chief of staff ate the delicious sandwich !
a sandwich ate a pickled pickled pickled perplexed perplexed floor !
the fine sandwich ate the fine floor .
a delicious pickle pickled a fine president .
the floor in every floor pickled the pickle .
is it true that a pickled chief of staff kissed the pickled pickle ?
every president understood the delicious perplexed floor .
a pickled perplexed perplexed pickled chief of staff kissed a fine president .
is it true that every sandwich kissed the president ?
is it true that every sandwich pickled a pickle ?
a perplexed floor with every fine perplexed delicious fine president kissed a delicious pickled chief of staff !
a president wanted the delicious floor .
every fine fine sandwich pickled the fine perplexed sandwich .
every sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the chief of staff understood a delicious pickle ?
the floor understood the pickled pickle !
a delicious president with every pickle ate every fine delicious president .
a chief of staff wanted every pickled floor .
a floor kissed every floor !
the pickled perplexed sandwich understood every fine chief of staff .
a pickle kissed a perplexed pickle .
every floor wanted a perplexed delicious fine delicious sandwich .
the sandwich kissed every delicious pickle .
the president ate a floor !
is it true that every perplexed delicious president ate the pickled pickle ?
every delicious perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich understood every floor !
the pickle understood every fine pickled sandwich !
the president understood every perplexed pickled floor .
is it true that a chief of staff kissed a fine pickled pickle ?
the delicious delicious fine pickle understood a perplexed fine president !
a president wanted every pickle .
the chief of staff understood the sandwich .
every floor ate a pickle !
every fine sandwich kissed every pickle !
a president kissed every perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff !
is it true that a perplexed pickle kissed the sandwich on the fine perplexed fine chief of staff ?
a fine perplexed floor under a chief of staff wanted a pickled president .
a pickled pickled fine sandwich pickled a president !
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled every perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff !
every pickled perplexed delicious pickled delicious perplexed delicious fine chief of staff ate a president .
a floor understood a floor .
every fine sandwich understood the chief of staff .
a sandwich pickled a president under every sandwich on a pickled pickled president .
every fine perplexed pickled sandwich kissed the delicious perplexed fine perplexed pickle !
every pickled pickled pickled delicious president understood the pickle .
is it true that a fine pickle wanted a pickle ?
a floor pickled the floor !
a sandwich kissed every president !
every fine delicious floor ate the chief of staff .
the pickled sandwich wanted a floor !
a fine delicious pickle ate every fine pickled fine fine pickled chief of staff .
a floor ate the floor .
a delicious pickled fine chief of staff understood every floor !
a president understood the floor !
the chief of staff in every pickled fine delicious pickled floor pickled a perplexed sandwich .
every chief of staff ate every pickle .
every floor understood a perplexed fine sandwich .
every fine pickled sandwich ate a pickle .
the sandwich kissed the sandwich under the sandwich .
the pickled fine president ate the fine delicious pickled pickle .
every perplexed sandwich pickled every floor .
the floor understood the delicious sandwich .
is it true that every sandwich wanted a sandwich ?
a floor pickled every president .
is it true that a chief of staff pickled every chief of staff ?
every delicious sandwich ate every fine president .
is it true that the pickle pickled the chief of staff ?
the delicious sandwich ate a pickled fine fine pickle .
a pickled sandwich wanted the fine fine pickle !
every fine perplexed pickled sandwich kissed every fine floor .
the perplexed chief of staff wanted every delicious pickled chief of staff .
every sandwich pickled a pickle !
a sandwich ate every sandwich .
a chief of staff on every chief of staff ate every fine pickle !
every fine delicious floor understood a chief of staff !
is it true that the floor pickled every fine floor under every sandwich ?
every perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich ate every floor .
a president ate a pickle .
the fine pickle in a chief of staff on a fine president on a delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a fine floor .
every president ate the perplexed pickle !
every fine fine sandwich understood every pickled chief of staff !
the delicious perplexed perplexed pickle ate a floor !
every pickled president kissed a perplexed sandwich !
every pickle understood a delicious delicious president .
every delicious fine sandwich ate every president !
the chief of staff ate every perplexed pickled fine fine fine pickle under the sandwich !
every floor kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed pickled delicious president kissed the sandwich ?
every pickled perplexed perplexed sandwich with a fine perplexed president kissed a perplexed president !
the pickle ate every perplexed perplexed president !
a president ate the fine delicious chief of staff !
every perplexed president kissed every pickle .
a fine pickle pickled a sandwich .
a fine pickled fine delicious delicious perplexed pickle kissed the chief of staff .
a delicious chief of staff ate every sandwich .
a sandwich pickled a perplexed pickle on every delicious president with the fine chief of staff in every pickle .
the chief of staff understood a floor .
every pickle pickled the sandwich .
the pickled president under a pickled pickle kissed the delicious sandwich .
the pickled president understood every fine floor !
every chief of staff pickled a pickled chief of staff .
the fine delicious president kissed the floor !
the sandwich kissed a fine delicious pickle !
a floor understood the president .
every perplexed perplexed fine floor under a delicious floor wanted every pickle !
every fine delicious delicious pickled perplexed floor pickled the president .
a delicious fine pickled delicious fine fine perplexed pickled president wanted the pickled pickle under the floor .
every fine delicious perplexed president pickled a delicious chief of staff on the delicious president .
the floor understood the pickle .
every floor wanted a delicious pickle !
a perplexed pickle pickled the perplexed fine fine pickled sandwich !
a delicious president ate a pickle .
every pickled fine chief of staff kissed the perplexed floor !
is it true that every floor wanted the perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickle ?
the pickled sandwich understood a sandwich !
a pickled floor understood the perplexed sandwich .
every delicious floor wanted a sandwich !
the perplexed president understood a delicious perplexed sandwich .
a perplexed fine pickled pickled perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich understood a president .
a president understood the pickle .
every pickled delicious floor pickled a pickle .
every pickled president kissed a perplexed president .
is it true that every pickle ate the delicious president ?
is it true that a pickled president pickled every perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious fine fine delicious sandwich ?
the perplexed floor understood a pickled sandwich !
a floor wanted the pickled pickled pickled delicious pickle !
the president wanted the president .
is it true that the pickled delicious fine floor pickled a delicious pickled sandwich ?
a floor ate every president under every pickle .
the floor understood a chief of staff !
the fine floor pickled the perplexed president .
the perplexed pickle kissed a perplexed president .
the delicious pickled pickle ate a floor !
the pickled perplexed chief of staff understood a pickled sandwich .
a perplexed sandwich understood every floor .
every delicious sandwich in the perplexed pickle under a delicious fine pickled floor in every floor ate a president with the sandwich !
is it true that every president pickled a chief of staff ?
the floor wanted every pickled fine floor with the perplexed floor !
is it true that the chief of staff pickled the sandwich ?
a sandwich pickled the pickled delicious floor .
a sandwich understood every pickle .
every fine pickled sandwich ate a pickled chief of staff .
the fine pickled pickled sandwich ate a floor .
is it true that every sandwich understood every floor ?
a floor wanted every president .
every pickled pickled chief of staff understood a fine pickle .
is it true that every president wanted every floor ?
is it true that the chief of staff under a sandwich pickled a fine delicious pickle ?
every sandwich kissed every sandwich !
a fine pickled pickle pickled the delicious president on the pickled delicious pickled floor .
a pickle ate a floor .
a delicious perplexed sandwich kissed every floor .
every president kissed a president .
the sandwich understood every fine delicious president .
the president understood the pickled delicious pickle .
the fine fine pickle in a floor in a chief of staff understood the fine chief of staff .
every pickle wanted a floor .
every delicious pickled fine fine pickled delicious delicious pickle ate the pickle !
a pickled pickled fine pickled sandwich kissed every floor .
every delicious pickled chief of staff pickled a floor .
is it true that the sandwich understood a sandwich ?
the president wanted a sandwich .
every perplexed pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff understood a pickled pickled fine pickled perplexed pickled pickled floor .
a pickled pickle wanted a perplexed sandwich !
a president wanted every perplexed perplexed fine pickle !
the president understood every pickle .
is it true that every chief of staff ate every delicious delicious fine fine pickle ?
is it true that the floor kissed every floor ?
every president understood every delicious fine floor .
the pickle pickled the pickled pickle .
every fine delicious pickled pickle kissed the president .
every fine floor pickled every president .
the fine delicious sandwich wanted every fine fine perplexed chief of staff !
a fine pickled perplexed pickled fine pickle pickled every president !
a sandwich wanted every pickle .
a president ate a floor .
is it true that the sandwich understood every president ?
the pickled sandwich ate every chief of staff with every president !
a floor kissed a delicious pickle !
a pickle wanted every perplexed perplexed chief of staff !
every pickled fine floor ate the fine delicious sandwich .
a sandwich kissed the sandwich .
the sandwich ate every fine floor .
the chief of staff pickled the floor !
the perplexed perplexed pickled fine pickle pickled a president .
every chief of staff wanted every pickled president .
every floor wanted every fine pickled pickle .
every sandwich kissed a pickled pickle !
is it true that the president understood the sandwich ?
every delicious delicious pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff understood a chief of staff .
the fine perplexed perplexed fine pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff in a president .
is it true that a chief of staff ate a chief of staff ?
a president understood a delicious delicious president under every perplexed president .
is it true that the delicious delicious sandwich understood the fine delicious perplexed pickled president ?
the sandwich under the delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed sandwich wanted the delicious pickle !
every perplexed chief of staff understood the sandwich .
every perplexed delicious president wanted a president .
a pickle ate a perplexed pickled chief of staff .
the perplexed president understood every floor !
is it true that every floor kissed a pickled sandwich ?
is it true that every pickled pickled delicious floor wanted the sandwich ?
is it true that the perplexed fine chief of staff understood every president ?
the chief of staff on the sandwich wanted the delicious chief of staff !
a perplexed chief of staff kissed the fine pickle .
is it true that every sandwich pickled a floor ?
a president kissed the fine sandwich !
every perplexed chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickle .
the president ate every pickled fine delicious pickle !
the pickle pickled every pickled pickled fine floor !
the fine sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed a perplexed delicious pickled pickled perplexed floor ?
the floor ate the pickled chief of staff !
is it true that a delicious perplexed pickle ate the delicious pickled chief of staff under a chief of staff under a chief of staff with a perplexed pickled pickle in every floor ?
is it true that every delicious delicious chief of staff understood a pickled floor ?
a floor kissed the pickled sandwich .
a perplexed delicious delicious perplexed president pickled the perplexed sandwich !
is it true that every fine president pickled a president ?
every pickle kissed the floor !
every floor ate the chief of staff .
every delicious pickled floor pickled the floor .
the perplexed floor ate every floor !
a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a fine president on a president kissed every delicious pickle !
every chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
a pickle kissed every fine president .
the delicious pickle understood the pickle with a pickled floor .
a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich with a president ate every chief of staff !
the president ate a fine fine delicious pickle !
is it true that the perplexed delicious floor on a floor ate the delicious chief of staff with the president in a pickled pickled pickled fine fine perplexed fine floor ?
every delicious pickled sandwich ate every sandwich .
the pickled pickled floor kissed every floor .
is it true that the chief of staff pickled the fine perplexed sandwich ?
a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle ate a perplexed president !
a fine pickle ate a floor !
is it true that the sandwich under a president in every president understood the pickle ?
every sandwich understood a perplexed fine perplexed chief of staff .
the pickled chief of staff ate the fine delicious delicious pickled pickled president .
a delicious fine chief of staff pickled every floor !
a president kissed the floor !
every pickled pickled chief of staff pickled the perplexed fine sandwich .
is it true that a pickle understood every delicious fine floor ?
every pickled pickle understood the pickle .
the fine delicious chief of staff wanted the pickled fine pickled sandwich .
the perplexed pickle pickled every chief of staff .
every fine fine pickled fine fine president ate the pickle .
is it true that a floor kissed a floor ?
every delicious delicious fine floor kissed every president .
every pickle wanted every delicious floor .
the fine fine sandwich pickled a chief of staff .
is it true that a pickle ate the perplexed president ?
the chief of staff kissed every fine fine chief of staff !
a delicious sandwich in every sandwich understood a delicious pickle .
the floor ate the fine president !
every president kissed every delicious sandwich .
is it true that a pickle pickled a pickled perplexed perplexed delicious pickled fine perplexed fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff ?
the perplexed delicious pickled delicious pickled floor wanted a floor .
the perplexed pickle kissed a fine chief of staff .
the perplexed fine floor wanted the perplexed floor .
every delicious perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed delicious delicious perplexed fine chief of staff !
the sandwich pickled the perplexed fine floor .
every perplexed president with every fine sandwich pickled the delicious fine fine pickled floor !
a fine sandwich ate every perplexed floor !
a pickled chief of staff understood every perplexed delicious president .
the fine delicious fine perplexed president pickled every fine president .
the floor kissed every pickled fine fine pickle !
is it true that every sandwich wanted the fine fine fine pickled perplexed perplexed chief of staff ?
the fine president kissed every floor !
is it true that a pickled sandwich ate the perplexed sandwich ?
every pickled delicious pickle wanted every delicious president .
a fine delicious sandwich ate every pickled president .
the pickle wanted every sandwich !
a pickled president wanted a fine pickled perplexed chief of staff .
the pickle wanted a pickled pickle .
every pickle pickled every chief of staff under every floor !
a perplexed pickle pickled a chief of staff .
every fine delicious pickle on the pickle wanted a sandwich under a sandwich !
a sandwich understood every sandwich !
every fine sandwich ate the fine pickle !
every perplexed chief of staff wanted the president .
every sandwich wanted the delicious delicious chief of staff .
every pickled floor ate the delicious sandwich on a sandwich .
every delicious fine president understood the perplexed delicious perplexed chief of staff in every fine president !
every floor understood the pickled pickled sandwich !
every perplexed pickle understood a floor .
every delicious president pickled every delicious pickle !
every president ate a pickled sandwich !
every pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff ate every president !
every president kissed the pickle !
the sandwich pickled every perplexed fine perplexed perplexed floor .
a sandwich wanted the sandwich !
the delicious sandwich kissed the perplexed floor !
a pickle kissed a delicious delicious delicious pickled perplexed fine delicious chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed president ate every perplexed perplexed pickled floor ?
the floor wanted a floor .
the floor wanted the pickled pickle .
the pickled pickle on every pickled fine floor wanted every pickled floor !
every president with every sandwich ate the sandwich !
a president ate every president .
every fine chief of staff pickled the fine floor !
a delicious president wanted a sandwich .
is it true that a delicious perplexed pickle wanted a chief of staff ?
a pickle wanted a floor in every perplexed president .
every fine pickled president pickled the pickled floor .
the perplexed president understood every delicious chief of staff !
every perplexed president ate a pickle .
a fine chief of staff under the fine pickled delicious chief of staff ate the floor !
every delicious pickle pickled every floor !
every pickle pickled a pickle !
is it true that a floor understood every sandwich ?
a delicious pickle wanted a delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff .
is it true that the president kissed the sandwich ?
the pickled sandwich ate the delicious delicious perplexed pickled delicious perplexed pickled fine floor .
a pickled pickled pickle in the delicious pickle kissed the delicious floor .
every sandwich wanted a perplexed fine delicious perplexed floor .
a president wanted the pickled floor !
the president kissed every floor !
every pickled pickled pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff understood every delicious chief of staff in every pickle .
a chief of staff under every fine pickled pickled president pickled the president .
the floor pickled the fine fine pickled chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed a perplexed president .
the chief of staff kissed the president .
every floor wanted a sandwich on the pickled pickled chief of staff .
every fine sandwich with a fine fine perplexed floor ate every president !
a perplexed floor pickled the floor .
is it true that every pickled fine sandwich ate the pickled perplexed pickle ?
every delicious chief of staff wanted the pickle .
the sandwich wanted the perplexed sandwich .
the floor ate every pickle with every delicious fine fine president .
the perplexed floor kissed a pickle .
a fine president wanted the sandwich !
every perplexed sandwich kissed every pickle .
the president ate every pickle .
the pickle understood every floor .
a delicious sandwich kissed the president !
the fine floor understood every pickle !
a president pickled the delicious fine fine chief of staff !
a perplexed fine floor ate a perplexed perplexed floor .
every sandwich kissed a perplexed floor !
a delicious perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich .
the pickled floor wanted the sandwich in every president .
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the president ?
the pickled fine perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted the floor !
the sandwich kissed a fine chief of staff .
a pickled fine sandwich ate a pickle .
every sandwich kissed the fine pickle .
the pickle kissed a pickle .
is it true that a sandwich understood every floor ?
every fine sandwich pickled every perplexed fine sandwich !
the pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious pickle ate every pickle .
the perplexed fine chief of staff under a chief of staff on every chief of staff wanted the chief of staff .
the fine chief of staff kissed a pickled president .
a perplexed floor kissed every chief of staff !
a delicious floor pickled a fine perplexed sandwich .
every floor kissed the perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a pickle wanted the pickle .
the fine sandwich with the delicious floor ate every pickled delicious sandwich .
the perplexed chief of staff wanted a pickled president .
is it true that the delicious delicious perplexed fine floor pickled the pickled chief of staff ?
the pickled pickle wanted the floor .
the floor kissed a sandwich .
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff !
a fine perplexed president ate every perplexed pickle .
every perplexed perplexed chief of staff kissed a fine pickled sandwich .
the president kissed a pickle .
a fine pickle wanted a president .
the floor wanted every fine delicious perplexed floor !
every delicious fine pickled fine delicious perplexed perplexed president ate the delicious pickle .
the president with every pickled delicious floor wanted a floor !
a fine president ate a pickle with a perplexed floor on the president on a pickle .
every sandwich understood the delicious floor !
a pickle wanted a fine sandwich in every delicious pickle .
every chief of staff ate every fine pickle .
every pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed floor understood the delicious chief of staff !
the pickle pickled every sandwich .
a president understood every sandwich .
the pickle wanted the perplexed fine pickled pickled floor .
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff !
every chief of staff understood a chief of staff !
every perplexed floor wanted the pickled pickle .
a fine chief of staff wanted every fine pickle .
a pickle pickled the fine floor !
is it true that the chief of staff ate every delicious perplexed president ?
the floor understood a perplexed floor .
a fine pickled perplexed floor understood every perplexed president !
a perplexed delicious delicious pickled pickle kissed the delicious pickle !
the delicious pickle kissed a pickled floor .
every chief of staff wanted a delicious floor !
every pickle wanted a chief of staff !
every pickled fine chief of staff pickled the perplexed pickle .
every president kissed every fine president !
every sandwich wanted a pickled pickle .
every pickle pickled a delicious sandwich .
every floor wanted every perplexed sandwich .
every president wanted the sandwich !
the delicious pickled chief of staff with a perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle pickled the floor !
the delicious floor in every delicious sandwich understood every floor .
every fine chief of staff kissed a president .
the delicious pickle wanted a pickle !
is it true that a president ate a sandwich ?
is it true that a delicious chief of staff kissed the pickle ?
the perplexed pickled perplexed chief of staff ate every pickled delicious pickled pickle .
the delicious pickled delicious chief of staff pickled every perplexed fine sandwich with the floor .
every president kissed every perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a floor understood a sandwich ?
every fine sandwich ate a pickled pickle .
every pickle wanted the sandwich !
the pickled pickle ate the pickled delicious sandwich .
every sandwich understood every floor .
the chief of staff pickled every perplexed pickled fine pickled floor .
the president kissed every president !
the pickled fine pickled floor understood the pickled president .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a chief of staff ?
a pickle understood the sandwich .
every pickle pickled a floor .
a perplexed delicious president ate every president .
the delicious president ate the pickled floor .
the chief of staff ate the sandwich under the delicious pickle .
a pickle ate every president .
every delicious chief of staff pickled a delicious floor !
a pickle in every fine president ate every perplexed sandwich .
every floor ate the pickled president .
the fine chief of staff understood a delicious pickle .
a pickle kissed the floor !
is it true that a pickle understood a president under every sandwich ?
a delicious chief of staff pickled a fine sandwich !
every fine perplexed delicious delicious pickle wanted every perplexed delicious sandwich .
the delicious pickled perplexed pickled chief of staff understood the pickled president .
the pickle understood every delicious fine floor !
the pickled president wanted a chief of staff .
every pickle pickled a pickled floor !
the fine president understood every chief of staff .
the president wanted a pickled pickle under a president !
every president wanted every fine fine perplexed perplexed president .
is it true that the president wanted the delicious floor ?
a sandwich ate a pickle .
every fine president kissed a fine pickled perplexed fine pickled pickle .
is it true that every pickle ate the president on every sandwich ?
the delicious president pickled a chief of staff !
a pickle wanted a pickled delicious fine fine chief of staff under a perplexed floor !
a delicious delicious floor ate every perplexed delicious floor .
every fine pickle understood every chief of staff under every perplexed fine pickled chief of staff .
the pickled president on every perplexed president kissed the floor .
every fine chief of staff understood a sandwich .
every floor understood a floor .
a president wanted the floor .
a president in every president kissed a president .
every pickle understood the perplexed fine delicious delicious president .
the sandwich ate every delicious chief of staff .
is it true that the pickled perplexed fine perplexed perplexed delicious pickle kissed the pickle ?
a pickled perplexed fine fine floor ate every perplexed fine fine fine president !
a chief of staff ate every pickle .
every perplexed pickled chief of staff on a pickle kissed a perplexed president .
every pickle pickled every president !
every pickled pickle kissed every president .
a perplexed pickle kissed a delicious pickled pickle in every perplexed chief of staff !
a floor kissed a floor .
a pickle wanted every fine floor .
a pickled pickled perplexed sandwich understood a sandwich !
a perplexed perplexed sandwich on the fine sandwich kissed the pickle !
every pickle understood every fine president !
every chief of staff understood a pickle !
a chief of staff understood the fine president .
a president wanted every fine delicious fine perplexed pickle .
a chief of staff wanted a pickled delicious sandwich .
the president ate a fine fine perplexed floor !
a fine pickle wanted the delicious floor .
every pickle understood every chief of staff with every pickle .
a delicious chief of staff ate every pickled sandwich .
a floor understood every pickled floor !
the pickled pickle wanted the perplexed fine fine chief of staff .
a delicious fine sandwich kissed the fine chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed every president !
the president kissed the perplexed floor .
the sandwich kissed a fine president !
the floor ate every fine fine floor .
is it true that every perplexed pickle ate a president under every president on a pickle ?
every sandwich pickled a fine fine pickle !
the chief of staff pickled every chief of staff .
every delicious delicious perplexed delicious floor wanted every delicious floor .
the delicious fine president ate the pickle .
the pickle wanted a pickle !
a fine pickled fine pickle ate a delicious perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich under a pickled chief of staff !
every pickled sandwich pickled every president with the fine sandwich !
every sandwich pickled the perplexed president !
is it true that the floor understood every chief of staff with the chief of staff ?
a delicious president pickled the sandwich !
the floor pickled the pickled pickle .
a president kissed a pickled pickled pickled delicious pickle .
a pickled delicious chief of staff with the perplexed perplexed pickle understood every perplexed president .
the president ate the floor !
every pickled pickled sandwich kissed the pickle .
the delicious pickle pickled the floor !
a floor kissed the pickled pickled sandwich .
every fine fine pickled pickle ate every floor !
a chief of staff with every sandwich ate every perplexed pickled delicious delicious president !
every perplexed floor pickled every pickle !
every pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff .
the chief of staff under every perplexed pickled floor understood a floor with every delicious pickled sandwich .
every fine pickle under the delicious delicious pickle with a fine delicious president ate a perplexed president .
the floor pickled the president .
the pickled delicious delicious perplexed fine fine president kissed every delicious chief of staff !
a pickled delicious perplexed sandwich pickled the president .
a fine president pickled a sandwich .
the pickle kissed a chief of staff !
is it true that the president ate every pickle ?
the chief of staff ate every pickled fine pickle !
every perplexed perplexed fine floor pickled every delicious pickled chief of staff !
a fine pickled delicious sandwich understood a chief of staff .
is it true that every pickle wanted every president on every pickle ?
is it true that a president pickled a president ?
a sandwich ate the president .
every delicious pickled perplexed pickle ate every sandwich .
the chief of staff kissed every floor !
a fine perplexed pickled floor kissed a pickled chief of staff !
every president wanted the delicious chief of staff .
every sandwich understood a floor .
every fine pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled sandwich pickled every pickle .
a pickled perplexed floor understood a pickle .
every fine delicious perplexed president pickled every pickle .
every sandwich ate a pickled pickle .
every president pickled the pickle .
a delicious sandwich wanted every perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff .
every pickled floor kissed the floor .
is it true that a perplexed perplexed fine fine floor pickled every chief of staff ?
every delicious floor in the pickled president on a president pickled a president !
a perplexed chief of staff kissed every fine chief of staff .
every pickled pickled fine sandwich wanted every perplexed delicious pickled floor .
the floor wanted a sandwich .
is it true that the floor wanted a pickled delicious sandwich ?
the president wanted a president .
a pickle with every delicious pickle in the president pickled a floor .
the delicious pickle with a pickle kissed a perplexed delicious floor under every pickled delicious fine sandwich !
is it true that the president ate the president ?
is it true that a floor wanted a pickle ?
every delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff ate every delicious perplexed perplexed pickled pickled floor .
the perplexed sandwich with every pickle wanted every delicious floor .
a chief of staff ate a president !
every fine fine pickled fine sandwich wanted the chief of staff !
the delicious pickled floor wanted every delicious perplexed delicious perplexed sandwich .
a president pickled every floor .
every pickled floor understood the perplexed president .
a fine sandwich understood the pickle !
the sandwich with every pickle kissed every pickled president !
a floor wanted a delicious fine pickled sandwich !
is it true that a president ate a perplexed delicious delicious fine pickled delicious chief of staff in every delicious pickle ?
the fine pickled sandwich ate a perplexed pickle .
is it true that a fine president understood every floor ?
a pickled pickled pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff kissed the delicious chief of staff .
the pickled chief of staff wanted a floor .
is it true that the chief of staff understood every pickle ?
the pickle understood a floor !
the chief of staff pickled every perplexed fine chief of staff with every delicious fine president .
every delicious delicious chief of staff understood a president .
a delicious fine chief of staff ate the sandwich .
a floor ate a perplexed delicious chief of staff !
the sandwich ate the pickle with every sandwich .
the pickled floor understood the perplexed president .
a pickled chief of staff wanted a president !
every fine pickled president in the fine chief of staff understood a fine chief of staff with the pickled delicious floor on every chief of staff under the perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff in a floor .
the perplexed pickled floor wanted a pickled chief of staff .
a chief of staff ate a delicious sandwich !
a pickled pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled pickled delicious pickle wanted every sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich ate every pickled president under every floor ?
every pickled chief of staff ate every delicious fine pickled fine sandwich .
every pickled pickle ate every pickle !
the perplexed fine delicious floor ate the pickle .
the perplexed floor ate a pickled chief of staff .
every pickle under a president kissed every pickled sandwich .
the pickle kissed the sandwich .
the perplexed fine pickled president wanted the floor !
is it true that the perplexed perplexed pickle wanted a pickled president ?
the chief of staff pickled the pickle .
a fine perplexed delicious president pickled every sandwich .
the delicious president wanted every president !
the delicious chief of staff pickled every pickled chief of staff !
a perplexed pickle pickled every chief of staff .
every floor in the chief of staff understood the sandwich .
the president understood every floor .
every floor pickled a fine pickled floor .
a chief of staff pickled every sandwich .
a sandwich wanted the floor !
the perplexed pickled floor kissed a sandwich .
the delicious chief of staff pickled the pickled delicious sandwich .
a pickled perplexed fine floor wanted the fine floor .
every president ate a perplexed pickle .
the delicious pickle understood every pickled fine pickled sandwich .
every pickled pickled pickle kissed the perplexed perplexed fine perplexed fine president .
every floor pickled every perplexed sandwich in the pickled pickle .
the fine chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious chief of staff .
is it true that every perplexed pickled sandwich on the delicious delicious delicious sandwich pickled every delicious sandwich ?
the sandwich understood the sandwich .
the chief of staff ate every chief of staff .
the floor ate every president .
every perplexed president kissed the sandwich !
a president understood a pickle .
a fine fine pickled pickle kissed a delicious pickled floor !
the delicious pickled pickle ate a floor !
every chief of staff ate every floor .
a pickle understood the fine pickled perplexed perplexed delicious floor !
every pickled fine pickled sandwich ate a chief of staff !
every pickled perplexed fine president ate every fine pickled floor .
the sandwich pickled the pickled fine delicious chief of staff .
the sandwich pickled a chief of staff !
a pickle pickled a delicious pickled fine pickled perplexed president .
a sandwich with a perplexed president kissed every president .
a perplexed chief of staff ate a pickle on a floor .
a floor pickled the perplexed fine pickle !
a chief of staff wanted every chief of staff !
the floor kissed every pickled pickle !
is it true that a fine fine floor ate every fine perplexed pickle ?
is it true that the perplexed pickled president wanted a president ?
is it true that the perplexed chief of staff kissed every delicious fine fine president ?
a president wanted every sandwich .
a delicious pickle ate every pickle .
the chief of staff wanted every floor .
every president ate the floor .
every fine chief of staff wanted every perplexed chief of staff !
a pickle ate the sandwich !
the pickle wanted the pickled perplexed perplexed pickle .
a fine president ate a sandwich .
the fine sandwich kissed the pickle !
the fine pickled perplexed delicious pickle wanted a pickle .
the sandwich ate every pickle !
every delicious pickled president wanted a sandwich .
every delicious president ate the chief of staff .
is it true that every floor pickled the sandwich ?
a pickle kissed every president .
a fine chief of staff pickled a perplexed president .
a delicious sandwich wanted a president !
every president wanted every chief of staff .
the floor wanted a delicious pickled pickled pickle .
the fine perplexed perplexed delicious pickle ate a president .
is it true that the pickle on the chief of staff pickled a pickled perplexed delicious perplexed perplexed president ?
the chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled president in the perplexed floor !
a fine chief of staff kissed the fine chief of staff !
the chief of staff pickled every pickled president on a fine delicious fine delicious perplexed president under every delicious fine fine floor under the floor !
the perplexed floor on a perplexed fine pickled president pickled a president !
the fine fine president kissed every sandwich .
a sandwich ate a floor .
the sandwich on every pickle under a sandwich kissed a perplexed president .
the pickle kissed a pickled perplexed chief of staff !
the chief of staff kissed the pickle .
a pickle pickled the pickled delicious president !
is it true that a pickled perplexed floor kissed the perplexed chief of staff in a sandwich ?
a pickle understood the perplexed perplexed floor .
the pickled chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
every president understood a pickled sandwich !
every chief of staff ate a sandwich !
every president understood the delicious pickled perplexed sandwich .
a president kissed the pickled perplexed floor .
is it true that every pickle ate the pickle ?
is it true that every delicious fine pickle wanted a pickled sandwich ?
a president ate a pickle in every pickled chief of staff .
every president wanted a chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff pickled a delicious perplexed fine chief of staff ?
a fine perplexed chief of staff ate every fine fine pickle .
a perplexed pickled delicious fine pickle pickled the delicious delicious pickle under a pickled pickled chief of staff .
a floor pickled a pickle !
every sandwich under every perplexed delicious president ate the delicious pickle !
the pickle wanted the floor !
the president pickled a fine chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious pickle pickled the perplexed floor .
a delicious delicious pickle kissed a perplexed pickled president .
a president kissed a chief of staff .
a delicious perplexed president wanted every perplexed delicious chief of staff .
the fine fine pickled chief of staff understood a fine fine perplexed fine pickled sandwich .
the president pickled the sandwich !
is it true that the pickle wanted the pickled fine fine pickled delicious pickled sandwich ?
the perplexed delicious sandwich wanted a president .
every chief of staff ate a floor .
a floor pickled the floor !
every president pickled every pickle .
every pickle ate the delicious pickled fine fine floor .
the pickled delicious president ate the pickle .
every fine perplexed pickled floor ate the chief of staff !
a pickled pickle ate the delicious perplexed pickled fine pickled perplexed pickled president .
a sandwich pickled a fine sandwich .
the delicious sandwich ate every sandwich .
the pickle kissed a perplexed floor .
every floor pickled a chief of staff !
is it true that the perplexed fine president ate a perplexed delicious fine fine sandwich ?
every pickle wanted the chief of staff !
is it true that a fine floor ate a sandwich ?
the perplexed pickle understood the pickled fine pickle !
every president ate a sandwich .
every perplexed sandwich pickled the delicious floor !
the chief of staff pickled a fine president .
a perplexed delicious pickled fine floor kissed the president .
a floor kissed a president .
the perplexed floor wanted the pickled floor .
every delicious floor kissed the delicious fine perplexed sandwich .
every pickle ate the delicious fine floor !
is it true that the perplexed perplexed delicious perplexed pickle pickled the pickled chief of staff ?
the pickled perplexed chief of staff with every floor on every pickled president ate the perplexed pickled fine sandwich in every president .
is it true that the pickled fine pickled pickled fine perplexed chief of staff understood every perplexed pickled floor ?
the president pickled the perplexed pickled president .
a perplexed fine perplexed pickled pickle understood the fine pickle .
a president understood the delicious floor .
every perplexed fine president kissed the chief of staff .
the pickled pickled sandwich kissed every perplexed president .
the president pickled the fine delicious president .
a pickled perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff pickled the delicious floor .
the president understood a perplexed chief of staff !
the president with a pickle ate a perplexed pickle !
is it true that the pickled chief of staff pickled every president ?
every floor understood every chief of staff .
the pickle wanted a pickle .
every perplexed pickle understood a president !
the delicious perplexed chief of staff understood the perplexed sandwich .
a pickle kissed a floor .
every president pickled a pickle !
the pickled fine sandwich on every pickled floor wanted the fine perplexed fine sandwich .
is it true that every floor ate the perplexed pickle ?
every delicious chief of staff ate the pickle in a floor on every fine fine president .
a chief of staff ate the delicious president .
the pickle kissed the fine pickled pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickled fine fine floor !
the floor pickled a pickled delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich !
a pickle wanted the delicious sandwich .
the sandwich understood every sandwich .
every pickled pickle under every perplexed floor pickled the pickled sandwich .
every president kissed every floor !
every floor ate a chief of staff !
the delicious pickle understood the sandwich .
the president understood every sandwich .
the president understood the chief of staff .
the pickle kissed every pickle .
the floor understood a pickle !
a perplexed perplexed fine perplexed perplexed floor wanted a fine president with the pickled sandwich with the delicious perplexed delicious fine delicious pickle .
the sandwich kissed a fine delicious pickle !
is it true that every perplexed pickled delicious pickle understood the president ?
the pickle wanted every president .
every pickled chief of staff pickled the pickle .
every pickled perplexed president wanted every pickled fine pickled fine floor .
a president pickled every fine perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious pickle on every fine fine sandwich understood every pickled floor .
the fine perplexed fine pickle understood the pickle .
every president pickled the president .
every floor understood the pickle !
the pickled pickled sandwich ate every floor .
every pickle wanted a president !
a fine pickle ate every fine perplexed floor .
is it true that a pickle ate the delicious pickled fine pickle ?
a pickle in a sandwich ate a president .
the pickled pickle wanted the delicious pickled fine pickle !
every sandwich wanted the perplexed pickle .
is it true that a fine sandwich kissed the fine pickled fine perplexed floor ?
a chief of staff ate a fine president .
the pickle wanted the pickle .
every chief of staff wanted every delicious fine fine delicious chief of staff .
every fine sandwich understood every pickle .
is it true that the perplexed president ate the chief of staff ?
a perplexed perplexed fine sandwich understood every chief of staff .
is it true that the sandwich ate a delicious president ?
the pickle pickled the floor .
every president ate the floor !
is it true that a pickle pickled every pickled sandwich ?
a perplexed president kissed every pickle !
a pickle wanted the pickled fine chief of staff .
is it true that the pickle wanted a pickled pickle ?
is it true that a floor ate a chief of staff ?
is it true that the pickle pickled the perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff ?
the fine chief of staff pickled a floor !
a pickle in every sandwich pickled a pickled chief of staff .
a pickle pickled the pickle .
a pickled fine pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff .
a chief of staff kissed a pickled floor .
a pickle kissed the fine floor .
every pickle ate every pickle !
a pickled fine chief of staff wanted a pickle !
every chief of staff wanted a pickled president in every floor .
every pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff !
the pickled perplexed delicious pickled perplexed chief of staff understood every perplexed president .
is it true that every president under every president ate the president ?
a floor wanted a floor .
a pickled president kissed every perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
a fine perplexed perplexed pickle ate every sandwich .
the pickled president kissed a fine pickle .
a floor understood every pickle with the president .
is it true that a fine pickle wanted every delicious pickle ?
every fine perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed floor understood a perplexed perplexed floor !
is it true that every president kissed a delicious perplexed perplexed fine delicious pickle ?
is it true that the president ate every floor ?
a perplexed fine chief of staff pickled a president .
is it true that every perplexed sandwich ate every floor ?
every pickled delicious pickled delicious floor ate every chief of staff !
every perplexed pickled pickle kissed every delicious floor with the perplexed fine fine perplexed fine chief of staff .
every president with the sandwich with a delicious delicious fine delicious perplexed chief of staff wanted the pickle !
the perplexed delicious floor kissed the chief of staff .
is it true that a fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff ?
the floor pickled every delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff .
the president kissed the delicious pickled pickled pickled pickle .
every pickled pickle wanted a president .
is it true that every floor ate the pickled pickled perplexed president ?
every pickle wanted a chief of staff in the pickled sandwich on the pickled pickled president .
every fine floor kissed a sandwich !
every pickled delicious president kissed every sandwich .
the perplexed sandwich ate every delicious perplexed pickled sandwich !
a pickled pickled pickled sandwich kissed a sandwich .
the chief of staff understood every president with a delicious sandwich .
the pickled sandwich ate the perplexed fine fine president .
every sandwich understood every pickled delicious pickle .
every delicious chief of staff kissed every perplexed delicious president !
a pickle on every fine president ate the pickle .
the pickled perplexed pickled pickled fine pickled perplexed chief of staff on every delicious fine sandwich pickled the fine chief of staff !
the pickled president kissed the president .
a pickle pickled a sandwich .
every pickle kissed a chief of staff .
every fine fine floor ate the pickled floor .
the sandwich in every sandwich kissed every perplexed sandwich .
the delicious sandwich wanted a pickle !
the delicious president pickled every pickled perplexed sandwich !
a fine chief of staff wanted a floor .
every floor kissed a pickled perplexed sandwich !
the perplexed fine president wanted a president .
is it true that every floor pickled the perplexed fine chief of staff ?
is it true that every pickle pickled every delicious perplexed fine delicious delicious pickled perplexed perplexed fine delicious president ?
every fine fine pickled floor in the perplexed pickle ate the pickled delicious sandwich !
the perplexed president in a floor understood every pickle !
a perplexed chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
every chief of staff understood the delicious delicious fine sandwich .
is it true that a sandwich pickled a pickle ?
the chief of staff understood the fine delicious sandwich !
every delicious chief of staff ate every sandwich !
a delicious perplexed pickled delicious pickle wanted every president .
the delicious chief of staff ate every pickle !
a pickled floor kissed a floor !
a president ate every president .
is it true that every delicious pickled sandwich understood a president under every perplexed pickled sandwich ?
the sandwich understood every sandwich .
the fine delicious sandwich kissed the pickled delicious sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff ate the delicious perplexed sandwich ?
is it true that every delicious perplexed fine president pickled every sandwich ?
the delicious pickle wanted the fine perplexed chief of staff !
is it true that every pickled chief of staff understood the delicious pickle ?
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff on the perplexed president .
every pickled perplexed pickle ate the chief of staff .
the fine perplexed delicious delicious delicious pickle wanted every pickle !
the president ate every pickled delicious sandwich !
a sandwich pickled the pickled chief of staff !
is it true that the pickled sandwich pickled every perplexed chief of staff ?
every delicious delicious sandwich understood every delicious pickled floor .
every floor wanted every pickle .
the perplexed delicious pickled sandwich understood every sandwich on the perplexed perplexed pickled pickled perplexed pickle .
a fine sandwich pickled the floor !
a president ate every floor !
a pickled president under the delicious president understood every perplexed chief of staff !
every fine pickle ate every pickled fine fine pickle .
a pickled chief of staff understood the pickled pickle in every perplexed chief of staff .
the fine fine fine chief of staff wanted the president .
every pickled delicious floor pickled a perplexed floor !
the fine fine president pickled the delicious president .
the perplexed fine floor under the floor kissed the sandwich .
the pickled perplexed sandwich ate a pickle !
the pickled fine perplexed chief of staff understood every perplexed perplexed sandwich .
every pickle ate every chief of staff .
is it true that a delicious pickle wanted the floor ?
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every fine floor ?
the floor ate every chief of staff .
is it true that a chief of staff ate the fine sandwich ?
every delicious fine chief of staff kissed a chief of staff !
every floor pickled every fine delicious floor .
the sandwich wanted every perplexed pickle .
every floor ate every delicious pickle .
every perplexed pickled pickled perplexed pickled pickle kissed the delicious sandwich .
a perplexed chief of staff understood every sandwich !
is it true that the president understood the sandwich ?
a chief of staff kissed the fine floor .
every sandwich understood every floor !
a pickle wanted the perplexed floor !
every chief of staff pickled the chief of staff .
every delicious sandwich pickled the president .
the fine pickled floor pickled a delicious delicious perplexed floor .
the pickled delicious delicious floor wanted every fine sandwich .
is it true that the floor kissed the perplexed fine perplexed sandwich in the delicious fine fine pickled sandwich ?
the delicious pickled sandwich understood the pickle .
every fine chief of staff pickled a perplexed president .
a sandwich wanted the perplexed floor .
is it true that a perplexed sandwich on a perplexed fine chief of staff under the delicious perplexed pickled floor under every president understood the chief of staff ?
every president ate the pickled perplexed fine delicious perplexed floor .
the floor ate a delicious floor !
the president understood a sandwich !
every delicious pickle understood the pickled fine president .
every floor kissed the sandwich .
is it true that a fine perplexed pickled perplexed floor kissed a delicious delicious chief of staff ?
every chief of staff wanted the pickled sandwich .
the sandwich wanted the fine pickled pickle .
every chief of staff understood every perplexed delicious fine sandwich .
every pickle understood a sandwich .
a sandwich wanted every fine pickle !
every sandwich pickled a pickled president .
the fine president kissed the pickle .
is it true that a pickle ate the floor ?
every delicious pickled perplexed delicious perplexed delicious pickle pickled a president .
a perplexed chief of staff understood a pickled president .
a sandwich ate the delicious fine president .
the pickled perplexed floor understood every delicious fine sandwich .
a floor kissed the sandwich !
every pickled pickle pickled a perplexed pickled fine fine pickle !
every floor wanted every perplexed delicious floor .
a perplexed delicious pickle kissed a delicious pickled floor .
every president wanted the pickled president .
a pickle kissed the president !
a sandwich understood every chief of staff .
the chief of staff ate the pickled pickled floor .
every perplexed floor kissed every delicious chief of staff .
a delicious pickle ate a delicious sandwich .
a floor pickled every floor .
the chief of staff understood the chief of staff .
is it true that the perplexed sandwich in a floor in the pickle kissed the fine delicious perplexed chief of staff ?
a sandwich ate the fine pickled perplexed fine president .
a floor pickled the pickle .
is it true that the pickle kissed a chief of staff ?
every pickle ate a fine delicious pickle !
every pickled delicious chief of staff pickled a delicious chief of staff !
every chief of staff on every delicious fine perplexed perplexed delicious floor pickled the delicious sandwich .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed a perplexed pickle ?
every pickled pickle understood the pickle .
every president ate a floor .
the pickled floor kissed a fine president !
the perplexed floor kissed the pickled perplexed sandwich !
a delicious pickled fine president ate a fine sandwich .
every perplexed president understood every sandwich .
a perplexed fine floor kissed a sandwich .
the fine sandwich ate every chief of staff with a floor .
is it true that a floor understood the floor ?
the fine sandwich on the pickled pickle under the pickle wanted the fine sandwich .
every chief of staff wanted a floor .
a fine floor understood the pickled fine fine fine sandwich !
is it true that a delicious delicious fine sandwich on a delicious floor kissed the floor ?
every chief of staff pickled every perplexed delicious president .
a sandwich understood a delicious pickled chief of staff !
a delicious chief of staff wanted a president .
every pickle ate every delicious pickle .
every pickled pickled president ate the sandwich .
the president ate the chief of staff !
every fine fine perplexed delicious chief of staff wanted every delicious pickled fine delicious delicious president !
a perplexed chief of staff ate the chief of staff .
every pickle ate the pickled pickled pickle .
the chief of staff understood the delicious president !
the sandwich ate a delicious perplexed sandwich !
the sandwich understood the delicious pickle .
every delicious floor pickled a delicious president .
is it true that a president ate the sandwich ?
every sandwich ate the president .
every pickled fine fine pickle kissed every pickled delicious chief of staff !
every pickled fine perplexed chief of staff pickled every perplexed perplexed pickled perplexed pickled pickle .
every pickle kissed every sandwich !
is it true that the fine president kissed a sandwich ?
a chief of staff kissed a pickled fine sandwich .
the sandwich pickled a floor on the president in the pickled pickled floor with every pickled perplexed sandwich in a pickle in the perplexed floor with every pickled sandwich with the perplexed fine fine delicious pickle .
is it true that a president kissed a delicious president with every fine floor ?
a floor wanted the pickled delicious pickled chief of staff !
every perplexed fine pickled fine pickle pickled a floor .
a delicious president wanted a delicious pickle .
every sandwich ate the pickled sandwich .
the delicious delicious fine pickle ate a perplexed floor .
every pickled floor understood a sandwich with a pickled delicious perplexed pickled delicious perplexed delicious floor !
a chief of staff pickled every floor !
the president kissed the president .
a perplexed sandwich kissed the floor on every perplexed floor !
a pickled floor pickled a floor !
a president understood every sandwich !
every pickled sandwich pickled a fine delicious perplexed floor .
a pickled pickled pickle wanted the sandwich .
a fine pickle understood the pickle !
a chief of staff wanted the delicious perplexed floor !
every floor ate every delicious president !
a pickled pickle kissed a sandwich .
a perplexed fine delicious floor pickled a pickle .
the pickle wanted every delicious chief of staff .
the pickle understood every delicious sandwich !
the president wanted a perplexed delicious floor .
a sandwich ate the president !
every president wanted every pickle .
every floor understood the sandwich !
is it true that a president understood a pickled pickled fine fine perplexed president ?
every fine sandwich under the chief of staff kissed every pickled pickled president .
a perplexed perplexed floor pickled every floor .
every pickled delicious pickle kissed every fine pickled pickle .
a pickle kissed the delicious president !
is it true that the delicious fine sandwich on a floor pickled every president with a pickled pickled pickled chief of staff ?
every president pickled the pickled floor .
a perplexed sandwich pickled every sandwich on a pickled delicious perplexed pickled pickle .
every delicious fine floor kissed the delicious fine chief of staff .
is it true that a perplexed president understood a sandwich ?
every pickle pickled a sandwich .
a pickled fine chief of staff kissed every president !
the president with every sandwich wanted the delicious floor .
is it true that a president ate the fine fine president ?
the sandwich understood a perplexed fine perplexed floor .
every sandwich kissed the floor .
the chief of staff ate every perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff .
every pickled sandwich pickled every president .
a delicious delicious pickled pickled perplexed delicious pickle ate the perplexed floor .
the president wanted the fine sandwich .
the floor understood every delicious perplexed perplexed fine chief of staff .
every pickled delicious pickle kissed the sandwich .
the chief of staff pickled the perplexed president !
a delicious pickled fine floor pickled every sandwich !
every floor pickled a president !
is it true that the sandwich understood every pickle ?
every sandwich ate a chief of staff .
a floor ate a fine pickled president .
the fine pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff understood every delicious president .
every pickled pickle wanted a perplexed floor .
is it true that every delicious perplexed fine pickled fine delicious floor kissed a delicious pickled chief of staff ?
every president ate the pickled floor .
the floor pickled a president !
every president under the floor understood the pickled sandwich !
every sandwich understood a chief of staff .
is it true that every chief of staff kissed the pickled floor under a perplexed chief of staff ?
is it true that every chief of staff kissed every president on the chief of staff in every pickled floor ?
every perplexed pickle with a sandwich understood the pickled perplexed floor .
a president pickled a sandwich .
every chief of staff kissed every delicious delicious perplexed fine delicious perplexed sandwich .
is it true that a pickled delicious floor understood a perplexed delicious fine pickle ?
the chief of staff kissed every sandwich .
a perplexed sandwich wanted a fine pickled delicious pickle .
is it true that the delicious delicious perplexed president pickled a perplexed pickle ?
every delicious sandwich ate the pickled president .
the delicious floor pickled every fine delicious delicious president .
a delicious pickled chief of staff wanted a pickle !
every perplexed delicious fine pickle kissed a pickled president .
a perplexed chief of staff kissed every fine pickle !
the delicious pickled perplexed president wanted a sandwich on the floor .
is it true that every chief of staff understood the sandwich ?
every pickle pickled the pickled fine perplexed floor !
every perplexed president wanted the floor .
is it true that every floor on a delicious fine pickle pickled the floor ?
a fine pickled pickled president ate the perplexed perplexed sandwich .
a sandwich pickled a pickled fine pickle .
every pickled perplexed president ate the pickled delicious delicious perplexed president .
the perplexed president ate the pickle !
the chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed pickled pickle .
a floor wanted the pickled perplexed fine pickle .
the pickled pickle ate every fine pickle .
a pickle wanted the chief of staff .
a fine floor understood the pickle .
the floor ate the perplexed floor .
the sandwich wanted every chief of staff !
a pickled pickled pickled perplexed floor pickled a pickled pickle .
a pickled pickled perplexed perplexed floor pickled a perplexed pickle .
every delicious pickled perplexed fine pickle understood the chief of staff !
a pickle ate a delicious perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle with a pickled perplexed pickled pickle .
is it true that every floor ate every pickle ?
a fine perplexed floor in the pickled sandwich kissed a floor .
the chief of staff pickled a sandwich .
every delicious pickle under every pickled sandwich ate every sandwich !
every chief of staff wanted a chief of staff .
every president ate every sandwich .
is it true that every floor with every president ate a sandwich ?
every sandwich pickled a perplexed floor .
a pickled perplexed pickle pickled a pickle .
is it true that a floor ate a floor ?
a perplexed pickled fine pickled pickle kissed every president .
the chief of staff ate a chief of staff .
the sandwich kissed the sandwich .
is it true that every pickled fine chief of staff pickled a floor ?
a fine floor wanted every pickled perplexed chief of staff on every perplexed delicious president !
a pickled pickled chief of staff wanted the fine fine president !
the chief of staff wanted every fine pickled delicious perplexed delicious chief of staff .
the delicious chief of staff wanted every fine floor .
the pickled pickle wanted a sandwich !
the pickle understood the delicious floor .
the delicious delicious perplexed president wanted a chief of staff .
the perplexed president kissed a floor !
the president pickled the delicious floor .
a fine delicious perplexed president kissed every floor in a perplexed sandwich .
every fine sandwich wanted the perplexed president under a delicious floor .
every chief of staff kissed a delicious sandwich !
a delicious pickled perplexed president understood every perplexed chief of staff .
every perplexed delicious delicious floor wanted every delicious delicious sandwich !
a delicious fine fine delicious perplexed fine president kissed the floor .
every pickled sandwich kissed every pickle .
the sandwich ate a delicious chief of staff !
a floor ate a floor !
the pickled chief of staff ate the delicious president .
a pickled floor on every pickle ate the fine delicious fine pickled fine president !
every floor in the pickled sandwich on a fine fine sandwich pickled every pickle .
is it true that a pickled pickled pickle pickled every pickle ?
every pickle pickled every sandwich .
the perplexed pickle wanted every chief of staff .
every chief of staff wanted a fine delicious pickled floor .
the delicious pickled president ate the pickle !
every perplexed perplexed fine delicious perplexed delicious pickled delicious perplexed delicious sandwich wanted a president !
the delicious chief of staff pickled the delicious delicious fine sandwich .
a perplexed pickle ate every sandwich .
a president kissed every delicious pickled pickled president .
a perplexed president ate a pickled fine delicious chief of staff .
the perplexed pickled delicious fine president kissed the president .
the chief of staff understood the floor .
a perplexed floor pickled the delicious pickled delicious delicious floor !
the pickled fine president in the president on every delicious president understood a fine perplexed fine pickled floor .
the delicious perplexed delicious president understood the chief of staff .
every fine pickled perplexed pickled pickle understood a pickled perplexed fine perplexed president .
every fine perplexed delicious floor ate every delicious floor !
a sandwich pickled every pickled perplexed delicious floor .
the chief of staff pickled the sandwich under a delicious pickle .
every perplexed pickle wanted the pickle .
the floor pickled a pickled pickle .
a chief of staff wanted a floor .
every pickled perplexed chief of staff pickled a floor .
a perplexed sandwich kissed a president !
is it true that a pickle ate a delicious president in every chief of staff ?
the delicious pickle kissed a floor with the sandwich .
the chief of staff kissed every pickled fine president .
is it true that the pickle pickled a sandwich under every floor ?
is it true that the pickle ate the president with the chief of staff ?
every fine president pickled the sandwich under the perplexed perplexed perplexed perplexed pickle .
a president with every pickle kissed every pickle .
every floor wanted the sandwich .
the fine pickled pickled sandwich pickled the floor .
every floor understood the fine floor .
is it true that every fine delicious delicious fine fine fine delicious perplexed perplexed pickled fine sandwich pickled every delicious pickle ?
a delicious pickled delicious pickled pickle in a floor understood the chief of staff !
the pickled pickle ate every perplexed president .
every pickled floor understood the fine sandwich .
a floor understood a sandwich !
every pickled fine pickled president understood every pickled perplexed chief of staff .
a delicious perplexed floor pickled a pickle !
is it true that every president understood the floor ?
a floor ate the pickle !
a perplexed fine floor kissed a perplexed president .
a perplexed pickled floor pickled every delicious pickled floor .
is it true that a delicious delicious president on every perplexed perplexed president wanted the fine pickled delicious president ?
the floor pickled a perplexed president .
the pickle wanted every sandwich .
every chief of staff kissed a delicious president !
the floor ate every delicious floor .
the fine perplexed floor kissed every chief of staff !
the perplexed chief of staff wanted the floor !
every delicious chief of staff kissed the pickled pickled fine sandwich .
the pickle wanted every pickle !
the sandwich pickled every pickled pickled perplexed fine perplexed fine fine pickle !
the fine fine fine president understood every chief of staff .
a pickle pickled every pickle .
the pickle kissed a perplexed chief of staff .
a fine fine delicious president wanted the president .
every fine floor wanted a delicious delicious perplexed fine president .
every delicious chief of staff ate every chief of staff !
a president kissed every pickle !
the pickle wanted the president .
is it true that a perplexed pickle kissed a pickled perplexed sandwich ?
the pickled delicious chief of staff in a floor kissed the floor .
is it true that the perplexed pickled sandwich wanted every sandwich under the delicious chief of staff ?
is it true that every delicious delicious pickled delicious fine sandwich understood every pickle ?
every sandwich pickled the perplexed chief of staff .
every delicious pickled pickle wanted every president in the delicious floor !
a perplexed pickled fine pickled delicious perplexed pickle wanted every perplexed fine delicious pickled perplexed delicious sandwich .
every pickled floor wanted a floor on every president .
a delicious perplexed floor wanted every pickled fine chief of staff .
is it true that the president ate every floor ?
is it true that a pickle wanted the pickled fine delicious delicious perplexed pickled fine president ?
a pickled chief of staff kissed every pickle .
a chief of staff kissed a floor .
every pickle ate a fine sandwich !
the sandwich understood the sandwich .
every pickle pickled a pickle .
a perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich .
the delicious floor wanted every perplexed sandwich .
the delicious delicious sandwich pickled the president .
the delicious delicious chief of staff understood the pickled perplexed sandwich .
a sandwich wanted the sandwich .
the sandwich understood every chief of staff in a floor .
the fine chief of staff ate a president !
is it true that the sandwich wanted the sandwich ?
a delicious pickle ate the floor .
every fine sandwich understood a delicious perplexed floor !
is it true that every pickle understood the sandwich ?
every president understood every pickled delicious chief of staff .
every fine delicious chief of staff pickled a floor .
the fine floor pickled a delicious fine pickled sandwich .
